Namespace(DATA_FOLDER='', EXPERIMENT_FOLDER='', accelerator='auto', accumulate_grad_batches=None, amp_backend='native', amp_level=None, auto_lr_find=False, auto_scale_batch_size=False, auto_select_gpus=False, benchmark=None, check_val_every_n_epoch=1, checkpoint_callback=None, config='../configs/okvqa/T5_NoDPR_blip2.jsonnet', default_root_dir=None, detect_anomaly=False, deterministic=None, devices='1', enable_checkpointing=True, enable_model_summary=True, enable_progress_bar=True, experiment_name='blip2_test', fast_dev_run=False, flush_logs_every_n_steps=None, gpus=None, gradient_clip_algorithm=None, gradient_clip_val=None, ipus=None, limit_predict_batches=None, limit_test_batches=None, limit_train_batches=None, limit_val_batches=None, log_every_n_steps=50, log_gpu_memory=None, log_prediction_tables=False, logger=True, max_epochs=None, max_steps=-1, max_time=None, min_epochs=None, min_steps=None, mode='train', modules=[], move_metrics_to_cpu=False, multiple_trainloader_mode='max_size_cycle', num_nodes=1, num_processes=None, num_sanity_val_steps=5, opts=['train.epochs=10', 'train.batch_size=2', 'valid.step_size=2', 'valid.batch_size=4', 'train.additional.gradient_accumulation_steps=16', 'train.lr=0.00006', 'train.MLP_lr=0.0003', 'train.scheduler=linear', 'model_config.UseInstructBLIP=0'], overfit_batches=0.0, plugins=None, precision=32, prepare_data_per_node=None, process_position=0, profiler=None, progress_bar_refresh_rate=None, reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs=0, replace_sampler_ddp=True, reset=False, resume_from_checkpoint=None, stochastic_weight_avg=False, strategy=None, sync_batchnorm=False, tags=[], terminate_on_nan=None, test_batch_size=-1, test_evaluation_name='', tpu_cores=None, track_grad_norm=-1, val_check_interval=None, weights_save_path=None, weights_summary='top')
input value {} is not a number, parse to string.
{'DATA_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data', 'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments', 'TENSORBOARD_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs', 'WANDB': {'CACHE_DIR': '', 'entity': 'xl544', 'project': 'RAVQA', 'tags': ['OKVQA']}, 'cache': {'default_folder': '../data/ok-vqa/cache', 'regenerate': {'clip_embeddings': 0, 'ocr_feature_preprocessed': 0, 'qformer_embeddings': 0, 'raw_pixels': 0, 'test_data_preprocessed': 0, 'test_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0, 'train_data_preprocessed': 0, 'train_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0, 'vinvl_feature_preprocessed': 0}}, 'cuda': 0, 'data_loader': {'additional': {'max_decoder_source_length': 512, 'max_source_length': 512, 'max_target_length': 10}, 'dataset_modules': {'module_dict': {'LoadClipEmbeddings': {'config': {'clip_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_train2014.pkl', 'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_val2014.pkl'}, 'qformer_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_train2014.pkl', 'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_val2014.pkl'}, 'raw_pixels': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_train2014.pkl', 'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_val2014.pkl'}}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'EmbeddingInput'}, 'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures': {'config': {'combine_with_vinvl': True, 'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/valid', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/train'}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures'}, 'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations': {'config': {'annotations_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_test.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_train.json', 'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_testdev.json'}}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations'}, 'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData': {'config': {'passage_data_path': {'full': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_full_corpus.csv', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_train_corpus.csv'}, 'use_full_split': True}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData'}, 'LoadOKVQAData': {'config': {'image_data_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/val2014', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/train2014'}, 'vqa_data_path': {'annotation_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_val2014_annotations.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_train2014_annotations.json'}, 'question_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_val2014_questions.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_train2014_questions.json'}}}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadOKVQAData'}, 'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/test_predictions.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/train_predictions.json', 'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/valid_predictions.json'}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures'}, 'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage': {'config': {'pretrained_dpr_outputs': {'test': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/test_predictions.json', 'train': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/train_predictions.json'}}, 'option': 'none', 'type': 'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage'}, 'LoadVinVLFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_testset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_trainset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv'}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadVinVLFeatures'}}, 'module_list': ['LoadOKVQAData']}, 'dataset_type': 'OKVQADatasetBLIP2', 'dummy_dataloader': 0, 'type': 'DataLoaderBLIP2'}, 'experiment_name': 'blip2_test', 'gpu_device': 0, 'ignore_pretrained_weights': [], 'metrics': [{'name': 'compute_okvqa_scores'}], 'model_config': {'ConfigClass': 'T5Config', 'GeneratorModelClass': 'Blip2Processor', 'LoadPretrainMLPs': 0, 'ModelClass': 'PrefixModelBLIP2', 'ModelVersion': 'Salesforce/blip2-flan-t5-xl', 'SPECIAL_TOKENS': {'additional_special_tokens': ['<BOQ>', '<EOQ>'], 'bos_token': '<PAD>', 'pad_token': '<PAD>'}, 'TokenizerClass': 'T5Tokenizer', 'TokenizerModelVersion': 't5-large', 'UseInstructBLIP': 0, 'UsePrefixEmb': 0, 'UseQformerEmb': 0, 'UseRawPixels': 1, 'base_model': 'T5', 'decoder_input_modules': {'module_list': [], 'postprocess_module_list': []}, 'input_modules': {'module_list': [{'option': 'default', 'separation_tokens': {'end': '<EOQ>', 'start': '<BOQ>'}, 'type': 'QuestionInput'}], 'postprocess_module_list': []}, 'loss_ratio': {'additional_loss': 0, 'nll_loss': 1, 'rag_loss': 0}, 'modules': [], 'output_modules': {'module_list': [], 'postprocess_module_list': []}, 'pretrained': 1, 'rag_modules': {'module_list': []}}, 'platform_type': 'pytorch', 'seed': 2021, 'test': {'additional': {'multiprocessing': 4}, 'batch_size': 32, 'evaluation_name': 'test_evaluation', 'load_best_model': 0, 'load_epoch': -1, 'load_model_path': '', 'num_evaluation': 0}, 'train': {'MLP_lr': 0.0003, 'adam_epsilon': 1e-08, 'additional': {'gradient_accumulation_steps': 16, 'gradient_clipping': 0, 'plugins': [], 'save_top_k': 1, 'save_top_k_metric': 'test/accuracy_overall', 'save_top_k_mode': 'max', 'warmup_steps': 0}, 'batch_size': 2, 'epochs': 10, 'load_best_model': 0, 'load_epoch': -1, 'load_model_path': '', 'lr': 6e-05, 'retriever_lr': 1e-05, 'save_interval': 1, 'scheduler': 'linear', 'type': 'BLIP2Executor'}, 'valid': {'additional': {}, 'batch_size': 4, 'break_interval': 3000, 'step_size': 2}, 'reset': False, 'mode': 'train', 'log_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train', 'experiment_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test', 'saved_model_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/saved_model', 'imgs_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/imgs', 'tensorboard_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs/blip2_test', 'args': {'config': '../configs/okvqa/T5_NoDPR_blip2.jsonnet', 'DATA_FOLDER': '', 'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '', 'mode': 'train', 'reset': False, 'experiment_name': 'blip2_test', 'tags': [], 'modules': [], 'log_prediction_tables': False, 'test_batch_size': -1, 'test_evaluation_name': '', 'logger': True, 'checkpoint_callback': None, 'enable_checkpointing': True, 'default_root_dir': None, 'gradient_clip_val': None, 'gradient_clip_algorithm': None, 'process_position': 0, 'num_nodes': 1, 'num_processes': None, 'devices': '1', 'gpus': None, 'auto_select_gpus': False, 'tpu_cores': None, 'ipus': None, 'log_gpu_memory': None, 'progress_bar_refresh_rate': None, 'enable_progress_bar': True, 'overfit_batches': 0.0, 'track_grad_norm': -1, 'check_val_every_n_epoch': 1, 'fast_dev_run': False, 'accumulate_grad_batches': None, 'max_epochs': None, 'min_epochs': None, 'max_steps': -1, 'min_steps': None, 'max_time': None, 'limit_train_batches': None, 'limit_val_batches': None, 'limit_test_batches': None, 'limit_predict_batches': None, 'val_check_interval': None, 'flush_logs_every_n_steps': None, 'log_every_n_steps': 50, 'accelerator': 'auto', 'strategy': None, 'sync_batchnorm': False, 'precision': 32, 'enable_model_summary': True, 'weights_summary': 'top', 'weights_save_path': None, 'num_sanity_val_steps': 5, 'resume_from_checkpoint': None, 'profiler': None, 'benchmark': None, 'deterministic': None, 'reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs': 0, 'auto_lr_find': False, 'replace_sampler_ddp': True, 'detect_anomaly': False, 'auto_scale_batch_size': False, 'prepare_data_per_node': None, 'plugins': None, 'amp_backend': 'native', 'amp_level': None, 'move_metrics_to_cpu': False, 'multiple_trainloader_mode': 'max_size_cycle', 'stochastic_weight_avg': False, 'terminate_on_nan': None, 'opts': ['train.epochs=10', 'train.batch_size=2', 'valid.step_size=2', 'valid.batch_size=4', 'train.additional.gradient_accumulation_steps=16', 'train.lr=0.00006', 'train.MLP_lr=0.0003', 'train.scheduler=linear', 'model_config.UseInstructBLIP=0']}}
['/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train', '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/saved_model', '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/imgs', '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs/blip2_test']
{'DATA_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data',
 'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments',
 'TENSORBOARD_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs',
 'WANDB': {'entity': 'xl544',
           'id': 'gp8vta5s',
           'name': 'blip2_test',
           'project': 'RAVQA',
           'resume': 'must',
           'tags': ['OKVQA', 'T5']},
 'args': {'DATA_FOLDER': '',
          'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '',
          'accelerator': 'auto',
          'accumulate_grad_batches': None,
          'amp_backend': 'native',
          'amp_level': None,
          'auto_lr_find': False,
          'auto_scale_batch_size': False,
          'auto_select_gpus': False,
          'benchmark': None,
          'check_val_every_n_epoch': 1,
          'checkpoint_callback': None,
          'config': '../configs/okvqa/T5_NoDPR_blip2.jsonnet',
          'default_root_dir': None,
          'detect_anomaly': False,
          'deterministic': None,
          'devices': '1',
          'enable_checkpointing': True,
          'enable_model_summary': True,
          'enable_progress_bar': True,
          'experiment_name': 'blip2_test',
          'fast_dev_run': False,
          'flush_logs_every_n_steps': None,
          'gpus': None,
          'gradient_clip_algorithm': None,
          'gradient_clip_val': None,
          'ipus': None,
          'limit_predict_batches': None,
          'limit_test_batches': None,
          'limit_train_batches': None,
          'limit_val_batches': None,
          'log_every_n_steps': 50,
          'log_gpu_memory': None,
          'log_prediction_tables': False,
          'logger': True,
          'max_epochs': None,
          'max_steps': -1,
          'max_time': None,
          'min_epochs': None,
          'min_steps': None,
          'mode': 'train',
          'modules': [],
          'move_metrics_to_cpu': False,
          'multiple_trainloader_mode': 'max_size_cycle',
          'num_nodes': 1,
          'num_processes': None,
          'num_sanity_val_steps': 5,
          'opts': ['train.epochs=10',
                   'train.batch_size=2',
                   'valid.step_size=2',
                   'valid.batch_size=4',
                   'train.additional.gradient_accumulation_steps=16',
                   'train.lr=0.00006',
                   'train.MLP_lr=0.0003',
                   'train.scheduler=linear',
                   'model_config.UseInstructBLIP=0'],
          'overfit_batches': 0.0,
          'plugins': None,
          'precision': 32,
          'prepare_data_per_node': None,
          'process_position': 0,
          'profiler': None,
          'progress_bar_refresh_rate': None,
          'reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs': 0,
          'replace_sampler_ddp': True,
          'reset': False,
          'resume_from_checkpoint': None,
          'stochastic_weight_avg': False,
          'strategy': None,
          'sync_batchnorm': False,
          'tags': [],
          'terminate_on_nan': None,
          'test_batch_size': -1,
          'test_evaluation_name': '',
          'tpu_cores': None,
          'track_grad_norm': -1,
          'val_check_interval': None,
          'weights_save_path': None,
          'weights_summary': 'top'},
 'cache': {'default_folder': '../data/ok-vqa/cache',
           'regenerate': {'clip_embeddings': 0,
                          'ocr_feature_preprocessed': 0,
                          'qformer_embeddings': 0,
                          'raw_pixels': 0,
                          'test_data_preprocessed': 0,
                          'test_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0,
                          'train_data_preprocessed': 0,
                          'train_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0,
                          'vinvl_feature_preprocessed': 0}},
 'cuda': 0,
 'data_loader': {'additional': {'max_decoder_source_length': 512,
                                'max_source_length': 512,
                                'max_target_length': 10},
                 'dataset_modules': {'module_dict': {'LoadClipEmbeddings': {'config': {'clip_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_train2014.pkl',
                                                                                                           'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_val2014.pkl'},
                                                                                       'qformer_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_train2014.pkl',
                                                                                                              'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_val2014.pkl'},
                                                                                       'raw_pixels': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_train2014.pkl',
                                                                                                      'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_val2014.pkl'}},
                                                                            'option': 'default',
                                                                            'type': 'EmbeddingInput'},
                                                     'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures': {'config': {'combine_with_vinvl': True,
                                                                                          'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/valid',
                                                                                          'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/train'},
                                                                               'option': 'default',
                                                                               'type': 'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures'},
                                                     'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations': {'config': {'annotations_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_test.json',
                                                                                                                     'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_train.json',
                                                                                                                     'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_testdev.json'}},
                                                                                     'option': 'default',
                                                                                     'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations'},
                                                     'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData': {'config': {'passage_data_path': {'full': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_full_corpus.csv',
                                                                                                                      'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_train_corpus.csv'},
                                                                                                'use_full_split': True},
                                                                                     'option': 'default',
                                                                                     'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData'},
                                                     'LoadOKVQAData': {'config': {'image_data_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/val2014',
                                                                                                      'train': '../data/ok-vqa/train2014'},
                                                                                  'vqa_data_path': {'annotation_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_val2014_annotations.json',
                                                                                                                         'train': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_train2014_annotations.json'},
                                                                                                    'question_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_val2014_questions.json',
                                                                                                                       'train': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_train2014_questions.json'}}},
                                                                       'option': 'default',
                                                                       'type': 'LoadOKVQAData'},
                                                     'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/test_predictions.json',
                                                                                             'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/train_predictions.json',
                                                                                             'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/valid_predictions.json'},
                                                                                  'option': 'default',
                                                                                  'type': 'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures'},
                                                     'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage': {'config': {'pretrained_dpr_outputs': {'test': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/test_predictions.json',
                                                                                                                                             'train': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/train_predictions.json'}},
                                                                                                       'option': 'none',
                                                                                                       'type': 'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage'},
                                                     'LoadVinVLFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_testset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv',
                                                                                      'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_trainset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv'},
                                                                           'option': 'default',
                                                                           'type': 'LoadVinVLFeatures'}},
                                     'module_list': ['LoadOKVQAData']},
                 'dataset_type': 'OKVQADatasetBLIP2',
                 'dummy_dataloader': 0,
                 'type': 'DataLoaderBLIP2'},
 'experiment_name': 'blip2_test',
 'experiment_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test',
 'gpu_device': 0,
 'ignore_pretrained_weights': [],
 'imgs_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/imgs',
 'log_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train',
 'metrics': [{'name': 'compute_okvqa_scores'}],
 'mode': 'train',
 'model_config': {'ConfigClass': 'T5Config',
                  'GeneratorModelClass': 'Blip2Processor',
                  'LoadPretrainMLPs': 0,
                  'ModelClass': 'PrefixModelBLIP2',
                  'ModelVersion': 'Salesforce/blip2-flan-t5-xl',
                  'SPECIAL_TOKENS': {'additional_special_tokens': ['<BOQ>',
                                                                   '<EOQ>'],
                                     'bos_token': '<PAD>',
                                     'pad_token': '<PAD>'},
                  'TokenizerClass': 'T5Tokenizer',
                  'TokenizerModelVersion': 't5-large',
                  'UseInstructBLIP': 0,
                  'UsePrefixEmb': 0,
                  'UseQformerEmb': 0,
                  'UseRawPixels': 1,
                  'base_model': 'T5',
                  'decoder_input_modules': {'module_list': [],
                                            'postprocess_module_list': []},
                  'input_modules': {'module_list': [{'option': 'default',
                                                     'separation_tokens': {'end': '<EOQ>',
                                                                           'start': '<BOQ>'},
                                                     'type': 'QuestionInput'}],
                                    'postprocess_module_list': []},
                  'loss_ratio': {'additional_loss': 0,
                                 'nll_loss': 1,
                                 'rag_loss': 0},
                  'modules': [],
                  'output_modules': {'module_list': [],
                                     'postprocess_module_list': []},
                  'pretrained': 1,
                  'rag_modules': {'module_list': []}},
 'platform_type': 'pytorch',
 'reset': False,
 'saved_model_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/saved_model',
 'seed': 2021,
 'tensorboard_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs/blip2_test',
 'test': {'additional': {'multiprocessing': 4},
          'batch_size': 32,
          'evaluation_name': 'test_evaluation',
          'load_best_model': 0,
          'load_epoch': -1,
          'load_model_path': '',
          'num_evaluation': 0},
 'train': {'MLP_lr': 0.0003,
           'adam_epsilon': 1e-08,
           'additional': {'gradient_accumulation_steps': 16,
                          'gradient_clipping': 0,
                          'plugins': [],
                          'save_top_k': 1,
                          'save_top_k_metric': 'test/accuracy_overall',
                          'save_top_k_mode': 'max',
                          'warmup_steps': 0},
           'batch_size': 2,
           'epochs': 10,
           'load_best_model': 0,
           'load_epoch': -1,
           'load_model_path': '',
           'lr': 6e-05,
           'retriever_lr': 1e-05,
           'save_interval': 1,
           'scheduler': 'linear',
           'type': 'BLIP2Executor'},
 'valid': {'additional': {},
           'batch_size': 4,
           'break_interval': 3000,
           'step_size': 2}}
loading VQA annotations and questions into memory...
time elpased:  0:00:00.245328
creating index...
index created!
loading VQA annotations and questions into memory...
time elpased:  0:00:00.059689
creating index...
index created!
creating index...
index created!
year: 2019
version: 1.0
description: This is v1.0 of the OK-VQA dataset.
creating index...
index created!
year: 2019
version: 1.0
description: This is v1.0 of the OK-VQA dataset.
data columns: dict_keys(['okvqa_data', 'vqa_data'])
Uses full checkpoint from Salesforce/blip2-flan-t5-xl
generator.query_tokens False
generator.vision_model.embeddings.class_embedding False
generator.vision_model.embeddings.position_embedding False
generator.vision_model.embeddings.patch_embedding.weight False
generator.vision_model.embeddings.patch_embedding.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.8.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.9.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.10.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.11.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.12.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.13.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.14.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.15.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.16.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.17.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.18.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.19.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.20.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.21.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.22.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.23.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.24.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.25.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.26.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.27.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.28.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.29.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.30.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.31.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.32.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.33.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.34.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.35.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.36.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.37.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.self_attn.qkv.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.self_attn.qkv.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.self_attn.projection.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.self_attn.projection.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.layer_norm1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.layer_norm1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.mlp.fc1.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.mlp.fc1.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.mlp.fc2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.mlp.fc2.bias False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.layer_norm2.weight False
generator.vision_model.encoder.layers.38.layer_norm2.bias False
generator.vision_model.post_layernorm.weight False
generator.vision_model.post_layernorm.bias False
generator.qformer.layernorm.weight False
generator.qformer.layernorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.0.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.1.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.2.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.3.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.4.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.5.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.6.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.7.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.8.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.9.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.10.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.attention.query.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.attention.query.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.attention.key.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.attention.key.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.attention.value.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.attention.value.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.output_query.dense.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.output_query.dense.bias False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
generator.qformer.encoder.layer.11.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
generator.language_projection.weight True
generator.language_projection.bias True
generator.language_model.shared.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.encoder.final_layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.decoder.final_layer_norm.weight True
generator.language_model.lm_head.weight True
Sanity Checking: 0it [00:00, ?it/s]Sanity Checking:   0%|          | 0/5 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 0/5 [00:00<?, ?it/s]generated_text ['racing', 'a plant', 'a teddy bear', 'its back']
questions ['What sport can you use this for?', 'Name the type of plant this is?', 'What toy is this?', 'Which part of this animal would be in use of it was playing the game that is played with the items the man is holding?'] predictions ['racing', 'a plant', 'a teddy bear', 'its back'] gold_answers ['race', 'vine', 'stuffed animal', 'mouth']
Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 1/5 [00:01<00:04,  1.22s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 1/5 [00:01<00:04,  1.22s/it]generated_text ['a small bag of food', 'a person who is in the bathroom', 'down', 'island']
questions ['What could this gentleman be carrying in that red bag?', 'Who leaves a toilet like this?', 'Should you leave the toilet seat up like this photo or down?', 'A center affixed unit like this one in a kitchen is called a what?'] predictions ['a small bag of food', 'a person who is in the bathroom', 'down', 'island'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'man', 'down', 'island']
Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 2/5 [00:01<00:02,  1.38it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 2/5 [00:01<00:02,  1.38it/s]generated_text ['to buy something', 'a flower', 'he is swinging it', 'salt water beach']
questions ['Why might someone go to this place?', 'What does this grow from?', 'What is that man doing with the bat?', 'Is this at a salt water beach or a lake?'] predictions ['to buy something', 'a flower', 'he is swinging it', 'salt water beach'] gold_answers ['shop', 'ground', 'swing', 'salt water beach']
Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 3/5 [00:01<00:01,  1.85it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 3/5 [00:01<00:01,  1.85it/s]generated_text ['a local artist', 'pickles', 'it is used for work', 'dirt bike']
questions ['Who designed the statues?', 'What is the name of the items the hot dog are topped with?', 'What is this desk used for?', 'What type of bike is on the ground?'] predictions ['a local artist', 'pickles', 'it is used for work', 'dirt bike'] gold_answers ['artist', 'condiment', 'work', 'bicycle']
Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 4/5 [00:02<00:00,  2.25it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 4/5 [00:02<00:00,  2.25it/s]generated_text ['a passenger plane', 'girl', '1939', 'a barrel']
questions ['What type of plane is that?', 'Is this a room for a boy or girl?', 'In what year was this desert first introduced?', 'What is this surf trick called?'] predictions ['a passenger plane', 'girl', '1939', 'a barrel'] gold_answers ['commercial', 'girl', '1847', 'ride']
Sanity Checking DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 5/5 [00:02<00:00,  2.60it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 5/5 [00:02<00:00,  2.60it/s]Loading and preparing results...     
{'test/epoch': 0}
{'retrieval_predictions_epoch0_MODE(train)_SET(TEST)': <wandb.data_types.Table object at 0x7f918668fb50>}
                                                                           Training: 0it [00:00, ?it/s]Training:   0%|          | 0/2846529 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 0/2846529 [00:00<?, ?it/s] ['Question: What is the relationship between these two animals? Answer:', 'Question: How quickly did one well known chain used to promise to deliver this item? Answer:'] ['family', '30 minutes'] tensor(7.6875, device='cuda:0', dtype=torch.float16,
       grad_fn=<NllLossBackward0>)
Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1/2846529 [00:00<307:26:23,  2.57it/s]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1/2846529 [00:00<307:47:19,  2.57it/s]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1/2846529 [00:00<308:06:13,  2.57it/s, loss=7.69, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]['Question: Why is that dog tired? Answer:', 'Question: Name the ingredients used for preparing this dish? Answer:'] ['run', 'carrot'] tensor(4.0195, device='cuda:0', dtype=torch.float16,
       grad_fn=<NllLossBackward0>)
Epoch 0:   0%|          | 2/2846529 [00:00<245:09:06,  3.23it/s, loss=7.69, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 2/2846529 [00:00<245:19:39,  3.22it/s, loss=7.69, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 2/2846529 [00:00<245:28:24,  3.22it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]
Validation: 0it [00:00, ?it/s][A
Validation:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][Agenerated_text ['racing', 'a plant', 'a teddy bear', 'its back']
questions ['What sport can you use this for?', 'Name the type of plant this is?', 'What toy is this?', 'Which part of this animal would be in use of it was playing the game that is played with the items the man is holding?'] predictions ['racing', 'a plant', 'a teddy bear', 'its back'] gold_answers ['race', 'vine', 'stuffed animal', 'mouth']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:28,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:28,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 3/2846529 [00:00<260:38:22,  3.03it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 3/2846529 [00:00<260:40:17,  3.03it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a small bag of food', 'a person who is in the bathroom', 'down', 'island']
questions ['What could this gentleman be carrying in that red bag?', 'Who leaves a toilet like this?', 'Should you leave the toilet seat up like this photo or down?', 'A center affixed unit like this one in a kitchen is called a what?'] predictions ['a small bag of food', 'a person who is in the bathroom', 'down', 'island'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'man', 'down', 'island']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:00<07:48,  2.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:00<07:48,  2.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 4/2846529 [00:01<271:10:18,  2.92it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 4/2846529 [00:01<271:11:44,  2.92it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to buy something', 'a flower', 'he is swinging it', 'salt water beach']
questions ['Why might someone go to this place?', 'What does this grow from?', 'What is that man doing with the bat?', 'Is this at a salt water beach or a lake?'] predictions ['to buy something', 'a flower', 'he is swinging it', 'salt water beach'] gold_answers ['shop', 'ground', 'swing', 'salt water beach']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:01<07:21,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:01<07:21,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 5/2846529 [00:01<268:33:24,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 5/2846529 [00:01<268:34:37,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a local artist', 'pickles', 'it is used for work', 'dirt bike']
questions ['Who designed the statues?', 'What is the name of the items the hot dog are topped with?', 'What is this desk used for?', 'What type of bike is on the ground?'] predictions ['a local artist', 'pickles', 'it is used for work', 'dirt bike'] gold_answers ['artist', 'condiment', 'work', 'bicycle']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:01<06:56,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:01<06:56,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 6/2846529 [00:01<263:32:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 6/2846529 [00:01<263:33:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a passenger plane', 'girl', '1939', 'a barrel']
questions ['What type of plane is that?', 'Is this a room for a boy or girl?', 'In what year was this desert first introduced?', 'What is this surf trick called?'] predictions ['a passenger plane', 'girl', '1939', 'a barrel'] gold_answers ['commercial', 'girl', '1847', 'ride']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:01<06:31,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:01<06:31,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 7/2846529 [00:02<257:00:07,  3.08it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 7/2846529 [00:02<257:00:59,  3.08it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stealing', 'to use it', 'a ring', 'it is a large truck']
questions ['What do they call running around the bases on a single hit?', 'Why is this plugged in?', 'What is the shape?', 'What is the horsepower of the truck pulling the load?'] predictions ['stealing', 'to use it', 'a ring', 'it is a large truck'] gold_answers ['homerun', 'charge', 'circle', '510']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:01<06:37,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:01<06:37,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 8/2846529 [00:02<257:03:34,  3.08it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 8/2846529 [00:02<257:04:17,  3.08it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cross country skiing', 'a wetsuit', 'a surfboard', 'leather']
questions ['What kind of skiing is this person engaged in?', 'What is the person in the photo wearing?', 'What is the name of the board he is on?', 'Name the material used to make this car seat shown in this picture?'] predictions ['cross country skiing', 'a wetsuit', 'a surfboard', 'leather'] gold_answers ['cross country', 'wetsuit', 'surf board', 'cloth']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:02<06:30,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:02<06:30,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 9/2846529 [00:02<254:51:01,  3.10it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 9/2846529 [00:02<254:51:40,  3.10it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the mouth', 'it is a chocolate pastry', 'vases', 'england']
questions ['What part of the face is the toothbrush in?', 'What flavor is this pastry?', 'What kind of container are the flowers in?', 'What country does this appear to be?'] predictions ['the mouth', 'it is a chocolate pastry', 'vases', 'england'] gold_answers ['mouth', 'blueberry', 'vase', 'scotland']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:02<06:38,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:02<06:38,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 10/2846529 [00:03<255:44:52,  3.09it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 10/2846529 [00:03<255:45:27,  3.09it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['soup', 'they eat it', 'no', 'quilt']
questions ['Which of the foods in the picture is best for you to eat when you have a cold?', 'What do teenage pranksters do to this animal?', 'How many watts is that microwave?', 'What is this type of blanket called?'] predictions ['soup', 'they eat it', 'no', 'quilt'] gold_answers ['soup', 'tip', '800', 'quilt']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:02<06:21,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:02<06:21,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 11/2846529 [00:03<252:13:41,  3.13it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 11/2846529 [00:03<252:14:13,  3.13it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['venezuela', 'a burger joint', 'a bus', 'claret']
questions ['What south american country usually has this climate?', 'What american restaurant features an open kitchen with visible cooking area such as this?', 'What other big vehicle is often painted about the same shade as this vehicle?', 'What brand is this wine?'] predictions ['venezuela', 'a burger joint', 'a bus', 'claret'] gold_answers ['brazil', 'diner', 'firetruck', 'becker vineyard']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:03<06:19,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:03<06:19,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 12/2846529 [00:03<251:01:07,  3.15it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 12/2846529 [00:03<251:01:36,  3.15it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they would be broken', 'a suit by ralph lauren', 'in a photo shop', 'sushi']
questions ['What would happen if these items fall to the ground?', 'What brand of suit is the man in the image wearing?', 'Where might i buy a print that resembles this photo?', 'What are the rolled black food items called?'] predictions ['they would be broken', 'a suit by ralph lauren', 'in a photo shop', 'sushi'] gold_answers ['shatter', 'brook brother', 'gallery', 'sushi']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:03<07:21,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:03<07:21,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 13/2846529 [00:04<259:58:24,  3.04it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 13/2846529 [00:04<259:58:52,  3.04it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a blue and yellow bird', 'They are laughing', 'it is not fast', 'cowboy hat']
questions ['What type of bird is this?', 'How can you tell that the people are not upset?', 'How fast is the vehicle pictured capable of reaching?', 'Name the type of hat the man is wearing?'] predictions ['a blue and yellow bird', 'They are laughing', 'it is not fast', 'cowboy hat'] gold_answers ['blue jay', 'smile', '100 mph', 'sombrero']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:03<07:11,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:03<07:11,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 14/2846529 [00:04<259:52:59,  3.04it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 14/2846529 [00:04<259:53:24,  3.04it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the sates of california', 'good', 'cement mixing', 'a wooden platform']
questions ['What sates are these grown in?', 'How does the bread taste?', 'What is this type of mack truck used for?', 'What type of platform should this vehicle be on?'] predictions ['in the sates of california', 'good', 'cement mixing', 'a wooden platform'] gold_answers ['california', 'good', 'cement', 'track']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:04<08:09,  2.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:04<08:09,  2.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 15/2846529 [00:05<268:54:26,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 15/2846529 [00:05<268:54:50,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a double exposure', 'a gazebo', 'she can eat it', 'professional player']
questions ['What is the term for the effect used in this photo?', 'What is the small white outdoor house like building called?', 'What can the woman do with this toy?', 'Is this boy a professional player or still in high school?'] predictions ['a double exposure', 'a gazebo', 'she can eat it', 'professional player'] gold_answers ['fisheye', 'gazebo', 'throw it', 'high school']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:04<07:34,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:04<07:34,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 16/2846529 [00:05<266:57:13,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 16/2846529 [00:05<266:57:36,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carpet', 'commercial kitchen', 'a baseball helmet', 'chuck taylor']
questions ['What is the decorative fabric on the floor called?', 'Is this in a home kitchen or commercial kitchen?', 'Which type of helmet is used by the sport person shown in this picture?', 'Which brand of slipper is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['carpet', 'commercial kitchen', 'a baseball helmet', 'chuck taylor'] gold_answers ['rug', 'commercial', 'bat helmet', 'birkenstock']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:05<07:30,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:05<07:30,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 17/2846529 [00:05<267:44:58,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 17/2846529 [00:05<267:45:19,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chris eisner', 'it is lunch', 'high end', 'john lennon']
questions ['Who directed the 2012 movie shown on the television in the picture?', 'What time of day is it?', 'Is this bathroom high or low end?', 'Name one famous person whom also has a black and white one of these?'] predictions ['chris eisner', 'it is lunch', 'high end', 'john lennon'] gold_answers ['joss whedon', 'noon', 'high', 'taylor swift']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:05<07:39,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:05<07:39,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 18/2846529 [00:06<269:48:54,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 18/2846529 [00:06<269:49:15,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sink', 'horns', 'aer lincoln', '1886']
questions ['Which item in this room is usually to wash hands?', 'What are the white objects on this animals head called?', 'Which airline has this insignia?', 'When was the cola brand on the signs founded?'] predictions ['sink', 'horns', 'aer lincoln', '1886'] gold_answers ['sink', 'horn', 'kuwait airway', '1892']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:05<07:44,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:05<07:44,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 19/2846529 [00:06<271:35:38,  2.91it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 19/2846529 [00:06<271:35:59,  2.91it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a top hat', 'mickey mouse', 'guava', 'cross country skiing']
questions ['What type of hat is this gentleman wearing?', 'What character does this clock look like?', 'What fruit comes from these trees?', 'What type of skiing is being done here?'] predictions ['a top hat', 'mickey mouse', 'guava', 'cross country skiing'] gold_answers ['top', 'mickey mouse', 'coconut', 'cross country']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:06<07:17,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:06<07:17,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 20/2846529 [00:06<269:58:16,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 20/2846529 [00:06<269:58:33,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['its long neck', 'mammals', 'it will be covered in snow', 'they are tall']
questions ['What is this animal famously known for?', 'Are these animals mammals or insects?', 'If it gets cold enough what will happen to the area being stepped over?', 'How tall do these animals get?'] predictions ['its long neck', 'mammals', 'it will be covered in snow', 'they are tall'] gold_answers ['long neck', 'mammal', 'freeze', '20 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:06<07:08,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:06<07:08,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 21/2846529 [00:07<269:24:31,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 21/2846529 [00:07<269:24:48,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['striped', 'veggie', 'because they are the most nutritious', 'fear']
questions ['What is the breed of this cat?', 'Is this fruit or veggies?', 'Why so many green vegetables?', 'What unpleasant emotional state does this weather phenomenon often cause?'] predictions ['striped', 'veggie', 'because they are the most nutritious', 'fear'] gold_answers ['tabbie', 'veggies', 'healthy', 'depression']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:06<07:02,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:06<07:02,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 22/2846529 [00:07<268:59:56,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 22/2846529 [00:07<269:00:13,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a microwave oven', 'to sail', 'a napkin', 'it is moving a package']
questions ['What kind of oven is on the table?', 'How do people use this?', 'What small cloth is used to wipe the face or eating this meal?', 'What is this truck moving?'] predictions ['a microwave oven', 'to sail', 'a napkin', 'it is moving a package'] gold_answers ['toaster', 'sail', 'napkin', 'furniture']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 21/1262 [00:07<06:56,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 21/1262 [00:07<06:56,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 23/2846529 [00:07<268:28:51,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 23/2846529 [00:07<268:29:06,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['full moon', 'deer', 'dressage', 'a blanket']
questions ['Which phase is that moon in?', 'What kind of animal is clearly displayed on the cover of this bed?', 'What is a type of horseback sport?', 'What item might be used to warm this item of furniture?'] predictions ['full moon', 'deer', 'dressage', 'a blanket'] gold_answers ['half', 'deer', 'polo', 'electric blanket']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 22/1262 [00:07<06:23,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 22/1262 [00:07<06:23,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 24/2846529 [00:08<265:28:26,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 24/2846529 [00:08<265:28:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['helium', 'public', 'a few', 'the water']
questions ['What fills the balloons?', 'Would this article of furniture typically be for public or private use?', 'How many passengers can this plane accomodate?', 'What knocked the guy off his chair?'] predictions ['helium', 'public', 'a few', 'the water'] gold_answers ['helium', 'public', '15', 'wave']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 23/1262 [00:07<05:59,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 23/1262 [00:07<05:59,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 25/2846529 [00:08<262:36:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 25/2846529 [00:08<262:37:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to advertise for a company', 'to decorate a field', 'Two dogs are laying on a bed', 'oneworld']
questions ['What is the purpose of the logos on this truck?', 'What is the purpose of these objects?', 'What happens here?', 'What company is this plane flying for?'] predictions ['to advertise for a company', 'to decorate a field', 'Two dogs are laying on a bed', 'oneworld'] gold_answers ['identification', 'art', 'sleep', '1 world']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 24/1262 [00:08<06:47,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 24/1262 [00:08<06:47,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 26/2846529 [00:08<265:17:48,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 26/2846529 [00:08<265:18:02,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['red curtains', 'a cow', 'turn the switch on the side of the bike', 'tall']
questions ['Name the type of curtains shown in this picture?', 'What animal does the meat on the pizza come from?', 'How do you turn this on?', 'How tall is this animal usually?'] predictions ['red curtains', 'a cow', 'turn the switch on the side of the bike', 'tall'] gold_answers ['drape', 'pig', 'key', '20 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 25/1262 [00:08<07:18,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 25/1262 [00:08<07:18,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 27/2846529 [00:09<267:36:56,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 27/2846529 [00:09<267:37:18,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'a pair of blue jeans', 'nocturnal', 'a tail']
questions ['How much tomato sauce is in this dish?', 'What brand of blue jeans is the skateboarder wearing?', 'Is this bird diurnal or nocturnal?', 'What is the white cloud behind the jet called?'] predictions ['a lot', 'a pair of blue jeans', 'nocturnal', 'a tail'] gold_answers ['2 cups', 'van', 'nocturnal', 'contrail']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 26/1262 [00:08<07:10,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 26/1262 [00:08<07:10,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 28/2846529 [00:09<267:28:41,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 28/2846529 [00:09<267:28:54,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is not heavy', 'a pizza place', 'a chihuahua', 'keyboard']
questions ['How heavy is this object?', 'What restaraunt is this at?', 'What breed of dog is this?', 'What musical instrument is this man playing?'] predictions ['it is not heavy', 'a pizza place', 'a chihuahua', 'keyboard'] gold_answers ['100 lbs', 'pizzaria', 'chihuahua', 'piano']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 27/1262 [00:09<07:46,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 27/1262 [00:09<07:46,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 29/2846529 [00:09<270:23:04,  2.92it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 29/2846529 [00:09<270:23:18,  2.92it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['people', 'a dog', 'pancakes', 'pancakes']
questions ['Does this type of train transport people or cargo?', 'What kind of dog is this?', 'What is the name of this dish?', 'What are these cakes called?'] predictions ['people', 'a dog', 'pancakes', 'pancakes'] gold_answers ['cargo', 'lab', 'pancake', 'pancake']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 28/1262 [00:09<06:57,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 28/1262 [00:09<06:57,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 30/2846529 [00:10<267:52:39,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 30/2846529 [00:10<267:52:50,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['easter', 'aphids', 'a street sign', 'herd']
questions ['On what holiday do people traditionally eat this bird?', 'What do these animals generally eat?', 'What could a person use this for?', 'What is a group of these animals called?'] predictions ['easter', 'aphids', 'a street sign', 'herd'] gold_answers ['thanksgiving', 'mice', 'direct', 'herd']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 29/1262 [00:09<06:43,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 29/1262 [00:09<06:43,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 31/2846529 [00:10<266:53:56,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 31/2846529 [00:10<266:54:07,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['"surfing the waves"', 'a knife', 'in a market', 'about a year']
questions ['What toe related phrase is most commonly associated with this sport?', 'What is the type of blade being used in this photo?', 'Where are fruits like this best found?', 'How long does this animal usually live?'] predictions ['"surfing the waves"', 'a knife', 'in a market', 'about a year'] gold_answers ['hang 10', 'serrated', 'south america', '10 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 30/1262 [00:10<06:54,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 30/1262 [00:10<06:54,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 32/2846529 [00:10<267:25:25,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 32/2846529 [00:10<267:25:36,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a runner', 'claws', 'a concert', 'tractors']
questions ['People that pledge to give per mile monies for those participating in these types of events are called what?', 'What retractable appendage could this animal use to destroy the chair?', 'What event is this?', 'What other item is this company famous for manufacturing?'] predictions ['a runner', 'claws', 'a concert', 'tractors'] gold_answers ['sponsor', 'claw', 'concert', 'tractor']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 31/1262 [00:10<06:30,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 31/1262 [00:10<06:30,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 33/2846529 [00:11<265:51:55,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 33/2846529 [00:11<265:52:06,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a stop sign', 'to protect their young', 'library', 'until he is done']
questions ['What is the arrow indicating?', 'Why would animals do this?', 'What area of a school might this be?', 'For how long should the man in this picture continue to brush his teeth?'] predictions ['a stop sign', 'to protect their young', 'library', 'until he is done'] gold_answers ['1 way', 'mate', 'library', '5 minutes']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 32/1262 [00:10<06:24,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 32/1262 [00:10<06:24,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 34/2846529 [00:11<265:02:50,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 34/2846529 [00:11<265:03:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lark', 'you would wear a t-shirt and shorts', 'uber', 'a flood']
questions ['What kind of bird is this?', 'How would you dress for this setting?', 'What new company has created competition for this type of transportation?', 'What weather phenomenon most likely happened?'] predictions ['a lark', 'you would wear a t-shirt and shorts', 'uber', 'a flood'] gold_answers ['myna', 'short', 'uber', 'flood']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 33/1262 [00:11<07:30,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 33/1262 [00:11<07:30,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 35/2846529 [00:11<268:35:06,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 35/2846529 [00:11<268:35:16,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a few hundred', 'a toilet', 'skate park', 'triumph']
questions ['How many calories is in a food like this?', 'What single verb can be used to describe the action in this photo?', 'What kind of park is this picture taken in?', 'Who is the motorcycle manufacture?'] predictions ['a few hundred', 'a toilet', 'skate park', 'triumph'] gold_answers ['400', 'flush', 'skatepark', 'kawasaki']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 34/1262 [00:11<06:55,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 34/1262 [00:11<06:55,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 36/2846529 [00:12<267:06:36,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 36/2846529 [00:12<267:06:46,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plastic rabbit', 'steaming', 'a fork', 'a doughnut making process']
questions ['What kind of shakers are on the table?', 'What low calorie way of cooking the green vegetables involves heating them over hot water?', 'What kind of serving utensil is used to serve this pizza?', 'What type of process is occurring here?'] predictions ['a plastic rabbit', 'steaming', 'a fork', 'a doughnut making process'] gold_answers ['salt and pepper', 'steam', 'spatula', 'make donuts']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 35/1262 [00:11<06:51,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 35/1262 [00:11<06:51,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 37/2846529 [00:12<266:55:16,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 37/2846529 [00:12<266:55:26,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the seine', 'legal', 'in a florist', 'a mooring buoy']
questions ['What waterway is this boat on?', 'Is this illegal or legal?', 'Where can i buy flowers like these?', 'What do you call the device that keeps boats in place at sea?'] predictions ['the seine', 'legal', 'in a florist', 'a mooring buoy'] gold_answers ['canal', 'legal', 'florist', 'anchor']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 36/1262 [00:12<06:48,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 36/1262 [00:12<06:48,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 38/2846529 [00:12<266:43:42,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 38/2846529 [00:12<266:43:51,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seagulls', 'podium', 'suits', 'tempered glass']
questions ['What kind of bird are they?', 'This man is speaking into a?', 'What type of clothing are the men wearing?', 'What kind of glass is used to make that shower enclosure?'] predictions ['seagulls', 'podium', 'suits', 'tempered glass'] gold_answers ['seagull', 'microphone', 'suit', 'tempered']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 37/1262 [00:12<06:27,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 37/1262 [00:12<06:27,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 39/2846529 [00:13<265:30:59,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 39/2846529 [00:13<265:31:08,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pedestal sink', 'meat', 'a piano', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ['What is this kind of sink called?', 'What is brown on the plate?', 'What type of music is this child playing?', 'Who invented the headgear worn here?'] predictions ['a pedestal sink', 'meat', 'a piano', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['basin', 'steak', 'piano', 'gottlieb daimler']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 38/1262 [00:12<07:12,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 38/1262 [00:12<07:12,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 40/2846529 [00:13<267:33:59,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 40/2846529 [00:13<267:34:08,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wetsuits', 'rugby', 'horse racing', 'plumber']
questions ['What material are those suits made out of?', 'What sport is this?', 'What sport is this?', 'What type of person would you call if this happened in your house?'] predictions ['wetsuits', 'rugby', 'horse racing', 'plumber'] gold_answers ['neoprene', 'rugby', 'horse race', 'plumber']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 39/1262 [00:13<06:42,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 39/1262 [00:13<06:42,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 41/2846529 [00:13<266:17:59,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 41/2846529 [00:13<266:18:08,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the beach', 'toasted', 'buddhism', 'oranges']
questions ['Is this the beach or sahara?', 'What type of bread is on this sandwhich?', 'What religion does the statue belone to?', 'What type of food is this?'] predictions ['the beach', 'toasted', 'buddhism', 'oranges'] gold_answers ['sahara', 'rye', 'buddhism', 'orange']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 40/1262 [00:13<06:31,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 40/1262 [00:13<06:31,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 42/2846529 [00:14<265:37:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 42/2846529 [00:14<265:37:25,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['siamese cat', 'shanghai', 'omnivore', 'peanut butter']
questions ['What kind of cat is this and what are some depictions of this breed of cat in fiction?', 'In what city is the restaurant the man in the green hat is eating at?', 'Is this animal a carnivore herbivore or omnivore?', 'What ingredient is missing from the picture to make a pb and j sandwich?'] predictions ['siamese cat', 'shanghai', 'omnivore', 'peanut butter'] gold_answers ['siamese', 'miami', 'carnivore', 'jelly']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 41/1262 [00:13<06:24,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 41/1262 [00:13<06:24,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 43/2846529 [00:14<264:59:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 43/2846529 [00:14<264:59:49,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bright', 'a ski slope', 'electric', 'ski poles and skis']
questions ['What is the lighing like?', 'What kind of slope is pictured here?', 'What source of energy does this vehicle use?', 'What are the two items that this athlete has in either hand?'] predictions ['bright', 'a ski slope', 'electric', 'ski poles and skis'] gold_answers ['dim', 'ski', 'gasoline', 'ski pole']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 42/1262 [00:14<06:29,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 42/1262 [00:14<06:29,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 44/2846529 [00:14<264:54:12,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 44/2846529 [00:14<264:54:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bike', 'frisbees', 'make a tahini sauce and add the meatballs', 'he could be working on a traffic light']
questions ['What is the rack on the bus used for?', 'What is this woman playing with?', 'How do you make this dish?', 'What could this guy be doing?'] predictions ['a bike', 'frisbees', 'make a tahini sauce and add the meatballs', 'he could be working on a traffic light'] gold_answers ['bike', 'frisbee', 'cook it', 'fix traffic light']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 43/1262 [00:14<08:03,  2.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 43/1262 [00:14<08:03,  2.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 45/2846529 [00:15<269:09:40,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 45/2846529 [00:15<269:09:48,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a garden', 'vitamin c', 'peas', 'barack obama']
questions ['Where were these vegetables grown?', 'The food in the photo contains which healthy vitamins?', 'What topping are on the hotdog?', "Which political figure is being referenced on the child's shirt?"] predictions ['in a garden', 'vitamin c', 'peas', 'barack obama'] gold_answers ['garden', 'calcium', 'ketchup and pea', 'obama']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 44/1262 [00:15<07:50,  2.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 44/1262 [00:15<07:50,  2.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 46/2846529 [00:15<269:31:28,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 46/2846529 [00:15<269:31:36,  2.93it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brick', 'wallpaper', 'it is medium rare', 'a bird of prey']
questions ['What is this fireplace made of?', 'The picture on the laptop is called a what?', 'How well done is this steak cooked?', 'What type of bird is this?'] predictions ['brick', 'wallpaper', 'it is medium rare', 'a bird of prey'] gold_answers ['brick', 'background', 'medium rare', 'cardinal']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 45/1262 [00:15<07:28,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 45/1262 [00:15<07:28,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 47/2846529 [00:16<269:16:59,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 47/2846529 [00:16<269:17:06,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['alcoholic beverages', 'yes sign', 'north america', 'a helmet']
questions ['What beverages are pictured in this phot?', 'What kind of sign is this?', 'What continent s is are this bird found on?', 'What is needed to use this vehicle?'] predictions ['alcoholic beverages', 'yes sign', 'north america', 'a helmet'] gold_answers ['juice', 'political', 'north america', 'gasoline']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 46/1262 [00:15<06:45,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 46/1262 [00:15<06:45,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 48/2846529 [00:16<267:49:21,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 48/2846529 [00:16<267:49:28,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chihuahua', 'third base', 'wolf tooth', 'the sun']
questions ['What breed are these two dogs?', 'What base is this guy on?', 'What tooth is named after this type of animal?', 'What celestial body controls the movements of the body of water featured in this photo?'] predictions ['chihuahua', 'third base', 'wolf tooth', 'the sun'] gold_answers ['chihuahua', 'second', 'canine', 'moon']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 47/1262 [00:16<07:07,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 47/1262 [00:16<07:07,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 49/2846529 [00:16<268:44:27,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 49/2846529 [00:16<268:44:34,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pedestrians', 'luggage', 'they get big', 'skateboard race']
questions ['What are the white lines marked for?', 'What are these peole pulling?', 'How big do these animals get?', 'What kind of race is this?'] predictions ['pedestrians', 'luggage', 'they get big', 'skateboard race'] gold_answers ['crosswalk', 'luggage', '5 feet', 'marathon']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 48/1262 [00:16<06:31,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 48/1262 [00:16<06:31,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 50/2846529 [00:16<267:22:55,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 50/2846529 [00:16<267:23:02,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is too heavy to be weighed', 'young', 'a british stallion', 'ambient']
questions ['What might be the weight of this luggage?', 'Was the person old or young?', 'What breed of horse is that?', 'Is the light ambient or natural?'] predictions ['it is too heavy to be weighed', 'young', 'a british stallion', 'ambient'] gold_answers ['30.7 lbs', 'old', 'mustang', 'natural']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 49/1262 [00:16<07:05,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 49/1262 [00:16<07:05,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 51/2846529 [00:17<268:35:13,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 51/2846529 [00:17<268:35:20,  2.94it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mushrooms', 'suits', 'metal', 'the ocean']
questions ['What black veggie is on this pizza?', 'The people in this photo are wearing what outfits which can be considered business formal?', 'What is this bench made out of?', 'What causes these waves?'] predictions ['mushrooms', 'suits', 'metal', 'the ocean'] gold_answers ['olives', 'suit', 'wood', 'tide']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 50/1262 [00:16<06:20,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 50/1262 [00:16<06:20,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 52/2846529 [00:17<266:52:39,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 52/2846529 [00:17<266:52:46,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a window', 'towel rack', 'microwave', 'badminton']
questions ['What could make this room brighter?', "What is the name of that device that's holding the towels?", 'What small appliance is that stuffed animal inside?', 'What sport is this kind of racquet used to play?'] predictions ['a window', 'towel rack', 'microwave', 'badminton'] gold_answers ['open curtain', 'towel rack', 'microwave', 'badminton']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 51/1262 [00:17<06:06,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 51/1262 [00:17<06:06,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 53/2846529 [00:17<265:59:04,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 53/2846529 [00:17<265:59:10,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it can go very fast', 'wind turbines', 'mouse', '1870']
questions ['How fast can the vehicle in the foreground go?', 'What items are spinning in the background which can be used to control electricity?', 'What object is synonymous with a rodent in this image?', 'When was this item first invented?'] predictions ['it can go very fast', 'wind turbines', 'mouse', '1870'] gold_answers ['60 mph', 'wind turbine', 'mouse', '1804']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 52/1262 [00:17<06:08,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 52/1262 [00:17<06:08,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 54/2846529 [00:18<265:34:24,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 54/2846529 [00:18<265:34:30,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['acer', 'freight', 'a small plane', 'the bus is a rickshaw']
questions ['What brand is the black laptop?', 'What type of train is that freight or passenger?', 'What kind of plane is this?', 'What do the triangles on the back of this bus mean?'] predictions ['acer', 'freight', 'a small plane', 'the bus is a rickshaw'] gold_answers ['acer', 'freight', 'prop', 'caution']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 53/1262 [00:17<06:40,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 53/1262 [00:17<06:40,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 55/2846529 [00:18<266:23:10,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 55/2846529 [00:18<266:23:17,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['san francisco', 'freeway', 'mario', 'smelling']
questions ['This type of bus can be found in what popular city?', 'What is a common term for the type of roadway the truck is entering?', "What is the cartoon character's name who is wearing the red hat?", 'What sense is this animal known for?'] predictions ['san francisco', 'freeway', 'mario', 'smelling'] gold_answers ['san francisco', 'freeway', 'mario', 'smell']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 54/1262 [00:18<06:41,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 54/1262 [00:18<06:41,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 56/2846529 [00:18<266:22:13,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 56/2846529 [00:18<266:22:19,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tennis racket', 'bamboo', 'at a train station', 'a clogged drain']
questions ["What is in the woman's hand?", 'If this chair where outside it might be made from what reed like material?', 'Where does this vehicle stop?', 'What causes the staining to occur?'] predictions ['a tennis racket', 'bamboo', 'at a train station', 'a clogged drain'] gold_answers ['racket', 'rattan', 'train station', 'rust']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 55/1262 [00:18<06:41,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 55/1262 [00:18<06:41,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 57/2846529 [00:19<266:19:16,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 57/2846529 [00:19<266:19:23,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['caffeine helps with concentration', 'regular footed', 'cotton', 'ferns']
questions ['What are the benefits of drinking coffee?', 'Is this surfer regular footed or goofy footed?', 'What is used to stuff those pillows?', 'What are those wide leaved plants next to the bench called?'] predictions ['caffeine helps with concentration', 'regular footed', 'cotton', 'ferns'] gold_answers ['energy', 'regular', 'feather', 'elephant ear']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 56/1262 [00:18<06:21,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 56/1262 [00:18<06:21,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 58/2846529 [00:19<265:30:31,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 58/2846529 [00:19<265:30:37,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['legal', 'a lego house', 'about 300', 'violin']
questions ['Is this a legal or illegal fire hydrant color?', 'What object is this?', 'How many calories does this meal contain?', 'What kind of instrument is on the refrigerator?'] predictions ['legal', 'a lego house', 'about 300', 'violin'] gold_answers ['legal', 'legos', '950', 'violin']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 57/1262 [00:19<06:17,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 57/1262 [00:19<06:17,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 59/2846529 [00:19<265:06:32,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 59/2846529 [00:19<265:06:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rainbow cake', 'The bathroom has a view of the city', 'john taylor', 'in 1996']
questions ['What type of cake is this?', 'How do we know that this bathroom is probably in a high rise building?', 'Who invented the sports equipment being used here?', 'When was this gaming system first released?'] predictions ['rainbow cake', 'The bathroom has a view of the city', 'john taylor', 'in 1996'] gold_answers ['rainbow', 'view', 'tom sim', '1977']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 58/1262 [00:19<06:58,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 58/1262 [00:19<06:58,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 60/2846529 [00:20<266:19:44,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 60/2846529 [00:20<266:19:51,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a carnival', 'old fashioned car', 'j.k. rowling', 'a bike race']
questions ['Where is this?', 'What type of car is this?', 'Who wrote the famous novels about the young wizard named on this bus?', 'What type of race would these kids compete in?'] predictions ['in a carnival', 'old fashioned car', 'j.k. rowling', 'a bike race'] gold_answers ['ghana', 'old', 'rowling', 'bike']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 59/1262 [00:19<07:07,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 59/1262 [00:19<07:07,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 61/2846529 [00:20<266:48:53,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 61/2846529 [00:20<266:48:59,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['samsung', 'rough', 'wood', 'tequila']
questions ['What brand is this device?', 'Is the ocean calm or rough in this scene?', 'What is the board made of?', 'Can you guess the drink brand name shown in this picture?'] predictions ['samsung', 'rough', 'wood', 'tequila'] gold_answers ['samsung', 'rough', 'polyurethane', 'jack daniels']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 60/1262 [00:20<06:49,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 60/1262 [00:20<06:49,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 62/2846529 [00:20<266:25:28,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 62/2846529 [00:20<266:25:33,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a candle', 'turkish', 'a swan', 'a tuck knot']
questions ['What is in every drawer?', 'What language is that sign in?', 'What animal is this boat mimicing?', 'What is the name of the knot used on this tie?'] predictions ['a candle', 'turkish', 'a swan', 'a tuck knot'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'russian', 'duck', 'windsor']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 61/1262 [00:20<06:48,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 61/1262 [00:20<06:48,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 63/2846529 [00:21<266:26:42,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 63/2846529 [00:21<266:26:48,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dollar', 'tropical', 'He jumped', 'six']
questions ['What type of currency is mainly accepted by this item?', 'What climate would contain a lake like this?', 'How did this man get in the air?', 'How many teeth does this animal use to have?'] predictions ['dollar', 'tropical', 'He jumped', 'six'] gold_answers ['coin', 'temperate', 'jumped', '26']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 62/1262 [00:20<06:18,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 62/1262 [00:20<06:18,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 64/2846529 [00:21<265:27:02,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 64/2846529 [00:21<265:27:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seagulls', 'two dogs', 'clock towers', 'zebra']
questions ['What birds are those?', 'What kinds of dogs are those?', 'What types of buildings have these?', 'What is the scientific name for this group of animals?'] predictions ['seagulls', 'two dogs', 'clock towers', 'zebra'] gold_answers ['seagull', 'chihuahua', 'tower', 'equus quagga']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 63/1262 [00:21<06:06,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 63/1262 [00:21<06:06,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 65/2846529 [00:21<264:48:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 65/2846529 [00:21<264:48:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a baseball cap', 'stone', 'a wolf', 'to wipe the sink']
questions ['What kind of hat is the person in orange shorts wearing?', 'What is the walls in this photo made from?', "What animal is the woman's shirt replicating the pelt?", 'What is the purpose of the red rag?'] predictions ['a baseball cap', 'stone', 'a wolf', 'to wipe the sink'] gold_answers ['visor', 'rock', 'zebra', 'clean']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 64/1262 [00:21<05:59,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 64/1262 [00:21<05:59,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 66/2846529 [00:22<264:13:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 66/2846529 [00:22<264:13:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['its trunk', 'gymnastics', 'a racquet grip', 'dollar bills']
questions ['What is this animal known for?', 'What other professional sport is famous for requiring leaps such as that seen here?', 'What grip does this woman have on this tennis racket?', 'What type of american currency would you stick in the machine?'] predictions ['its trunk', 'gymnastics', 'a racquet grip', 'dollar bills'] gold_answers ['trunk', 'basketball', 'tight', 'quarter']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 65/1262 [00:21<06:22,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 65/1262 [00:21<06:22,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 67/2846529 [00:22<264:36:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 67/2846529 [00:22<264:36:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['firefighters', 'denim', '1871', 'in the united states']
questions ['Who uses this device?', 'What material is the jacket made from?', 'What year was this sport invented?', 'Where in the world do these types of animals live?'] predictions ['firefighters', 'denim', '1871', 'in the united states'] gold_answers ['firemen', 'denim', '1880', 'north america']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 66/1262 [00:22<06:08,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 66/1262 [00:22<06:08,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 68/2846529 [00:22<263:58:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 68/2846529 [00:22<263:59:04,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a microwave', 'a cowboy hat', 'a watch with a red cufflink', 'since the 1970s']
questions ['What does the plugged in item do?', 'The man wearing a hat what is the name of that hat?', 'What type of watch is this?', 'How long has ultimate frisbee been an official sport?'] predictions ['it is a microwave', 'a cowboy hat', 'a watch with a red cufflink', 'since the 1970s'] gold_answers ['heat', 'cowboy hat', 'rolex', '1968']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 67/1262 [00:22<07:06,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 67/1262 [00:22<07:06,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 69/2846529 [00:23<265:33:31,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 69/2846529 [00:23<265:33:37,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a c-130', 'a dog', 'yamaha fzr', 'a computer']
questions ['Can you guess the aircraft model shown in this picture?', 'What type of dog is pictured?', 'Name the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What is being cast onto the table?'] predictions ['a c-130', 'a dog', 'yamaha fzr', 'a computer'] gold_answers ['cessna', 'dalmation', 'suzuki', 'sunlight']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 68/1262 [00:22<07:07,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 68/1262 [00:22<07:07,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 70/2846529 [00:23<265:50:48,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 70/2846529 [00:23<265:50:53,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john st. john', 'the food', 'bright lights', 'a boat']
questions ['Who invented this kind of suit?', 'What is causing the circles on the table?', 'What kind of lights are over these mirrors?', 'This plane is passing by a part of what type of vehicle?'] predictions ['john st. john', 'the food', 'bright lights', 'a boat'] gold_answers ['surfer', 'plate', 'flourescent', 'ship']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 69/1262 [00:23<07:18,  2.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 69/1262 [00:23<07:18,  2.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 71/2846529 [00:23<266:26:19,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 71/2846529 [00:23<266:26:24,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the handlebar', 'a sink with a bowl on it', '1939', 'mac']
questions ['What is the name of the bar that holds the bike up in this picture?', 'What kind of sink is on the wall?', 'What year was this plane made?', 'What operating system is on this computer?'] predictions ['the handlebar', 'a sink with a bowl on it', '1939', 'mac'] gold_answers ['kickstand', 'bowl', '1945', 'window']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 70/1262 [00:23<07:36,  2.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 70/1262 [00:23<07:36,  2.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 72/2846529 [00:24<267:20:26,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 72/2846529 [00:24<267:20:31,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skateboard trick', 'a boat', 'in the ground', 'the middle of the court']
questions ['What is the name of the trick being performed?', 'What normally can be seen crossing this?', 'Where does this food grow?', 'What section is the player standing on?'] predictions ['a skateboard trick', 'a boat', 'in the ground', 'the middle of the court'] gold_answers ['flip', 'vehicle', 'garden', 'court']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 71/1262 [00:24<07:10,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 71/1262 [00:24<07:10,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 73/2846529 [00:24<267:02:11,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 73/2846529 [00:24<267:02:16,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a small kitchen', 'kiss the cat', 'a cell phone', 'cooking']
questions ['What type of kitchen is this?', 'What is he waiting to do?', 'What type of phone is this woman using?', 'Which class are these students most likely attending?'] predictions ['a small kitchen', 'kiss the cat', 'a cell phone', 'cooking'] gold_answers ['galley', 'travel', 'cell', 'culinary']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 72/1262 [00:24<06:40,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 72/1262 [00:24<06:40,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 74/2846529 [00:24<266:24:29,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 74/2846529 [00:24<266:24:34,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cubicle', 'flying a kite', 'acid', 'it has a screen']
questions ['What is this workspace called?', 'What is the person doing?', 'Is this creme an acid or base?', 'What are the features of this phone?'] predictions ['cubicle', 'flying a kite', 'acid', 'it has a screen'] gold_answers ['cubicle', 'fly kite', 'base', 'call']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 73/1262 [00:24<06:28,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 73/1262 [00:24<06:28,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 75/2846529 [00:25<266:03:55,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 75/2846529 [00:25<266:04:00,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['recording video', 'john phelps', '20th century', 'a cell phone']
questions ['The man in the orange shirt has a device what is this device used for?', 'Who invented this item?', 'What century is this?', 'What type of cellphone are both women using?'] predictions ['recording video', 'john phelps', '20th century', 'a cell phone'] gold_answers ['video', 'john harington', '20th', 'flip phone']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 74/1262 [00:24<06:30,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 74/1262 [00:24<06:30,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 76/2846529 [00:25<266:01:32,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 76/2846529 [00:25<266:01:37,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tiger', '30 minutes', 'it is a whirlpool', 'wireless router']
questions ['Which large predatory feline is often a dark color like this animal?', "How many minutes per pound does the bird in the woman's hands have to be cooked?", 'What brand is this stove?', 'What is required for all these devices to be connected to the internet without wires?'] predictions ['tiger', '30 minutes', 'it is a whirlpool', 'wireless router'] gold_answers ['panther', '15', 'kenmore', 'wifi']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 75/1262 [00:25<07:01,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 75/1262 [00:25<07:01,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 77/2846529 [00:25<266:51:26,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 77/2846529 [00:25<266:51:30,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['floral', 'flour, eggs, cheese, and oil', 'it takes a lot of practice', 'horses']
questions ['What print is on the mans shirt?', 'Can you guess the ingredients used to make this dish?', 'How long does it take to learn this sport?', 'What type of horses are being ridin?'] predictions ['floral', 'flour, eggs, cheese, and oil', 'it takes a lot of practice', 'horses'] gold_answers ['floral', 'dough', '1 year', 'race horse']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 76/1262 [00:25<07:13,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 76/1262 [00:25<07:13,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 78/2846529 [00:26<267:22:12,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 78/2846529 [00:26<267:22:16,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is light', 'bicycle', 'nebraska', 'a tiger']
questions ['How heavy is this machine?', 'What forms of transportation are there?', 'The puppy pictured here is a native of what chilly state?', 'What cartoon is on the side of the plane?'] predictions ['it is light', 'bicycle', 'nebraska', 'a tiger'] gold_answers ['500 pounds', 'bike', 'alaska', 'hello kitty']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 77/1262 [00:26<06:51,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 77/1262 [00:26<06:51,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 79/2846529 [00:26<267:03:23,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 79/2846529 [00:26<267:03:27,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a husky', 'the woman is wearing a coat', 'open', 'older']
questions ['What breed is this dog?', 'Why would we suspect that this is not a summer time scene?', 'Is the basket on the ground open or closed?', 'What age are the two people?'] predictions ['a husky', 'the woman is wearing a coat', 'open', 'older'] gold_answers ['husky', 'coat', 'open', '60s']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 78/1262 [00:26<06:53,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 78/1262 [00:26<06:53,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 80/2846529 [00:27<267:12:11,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 80/2846529 [00:27<267:12:15,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'lisbon ice cream', 'white clouds', 'swimming']
questions ['What brand of watch is pictured?', 'What popular food product is associated with this mode of transport?', 'What kinds of clouds are those?', 'What activities could you engage in at this place?'] predictions ['no brand', 'lisbon ice cream', 'white clouds', 'swimming'] gold_answers ['rolex', 'rice roni', 'cirrus', 'swim']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 79/1262 [00:26<06:55,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 79/1262 [00:26<06:55,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 81/2846529 [00:27<267:23:36,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 81/2846529 [00:27<267:23:40,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tree', 'biplane', 'new york yankees', '1896']
questions ['What plant is near the zebra?', 'What kind of plane is this?', 'What team is the player from?', 'When was this type of two wheeled vehicle invented?'] predictions ['a tree', 'biplane', 'new york yankees', '1896'] gold_answers ['tree', 'biplane', 'yankees', '1885']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 80/1262 [00:27<07:08,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 80/1262 [00:27<07:08,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 82/2846529 [00:27<267:52:47,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 82/2846529 [00:27<267:52:51,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pelicans', 'a priest', 'ferris wheel', 'a sacrificial ritual']
questions ['What kind of birds are these?', "Who's the guy on the left?", 'What amusement ride is pictured?', 'What would you practice inside this building?'] predictions ['pelicans', 'a priest', 'ferris wheel', 'a sacrificial ritual'] gold_answers ['pelican', 'rabbi', 'ferris wheel', 'religion']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 81/1262 [00:27<07:17,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 81/1262 [00:27<07:17,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 83/2846529 [00:28<268:21:19,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 83/2846529 [00:28<268:21:23,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['washing dishes', 'riding a horse', 'french bulldog', 'at walmart']
questions ['What household chore do people use the white appliance for?', 'If someone is doing this without a saddle they are said to be doing what?', 'Can you guess the family or breed to which the dog belongs to?', 'Where can you get these?'] predictions ['washing dishes', 'riding a horse', 'french bulldog', 'at walmart'] gold_answers ['laundry', 'bareback', 'boston terrier', 'grocery']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 82/1262 [00:27<06:48,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 82/1262 [00:27<06:48,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 84/2846529 [00:28<267:53:20,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 84/2846529 [00:28<267:53:24,  2.95it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stainless steel', 'christmas', 'a lake', 'carrots']
questions ['Which type of metal is used for making this toilet?', 'At which holiday would you traditionally eat this food?', 'Can you name the place where this bird is seen?', 'What are the white veggies?'] predictions ['stainless steel', 'christmas', 'a lake', 'carrots'] gold_answers ['stainless steel', 'easter', 'river', 'potato']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 83/1262 [00:28<06:19,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 83/1262 [00:28<06:19,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 85/2846529 [00:28<267:11:57,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 85/2846529 [00:28<267:12:01,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['scotland', 'pull into a stop sign', 'the leaves are not green', 'pink umbrellas']
questions ['What country or countries will you find these birds in?', 'How would this train stop itself on the tracks?', 'How do we know this is not summertime?', 'What kind of umbrella are those in the background?'] predictions ['scotland', 'pull into a stop sign', 'the leaves are not green', 'pink umbrellas'] gold_answers ['australia', 'brake', 'no leaf on tree', 'parasol']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 84/1262 [00:28<06:22,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 84/1262 [00:28<06:22,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 86/2846529 [00:29<267:08:45,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 86/2846529 [00:29<267:08:49,  2.96it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pine', 'winemaker', 'chinese', 'stop']
questions ['What kind of plant is this wreath made from?', 'Which occupation sniffs this item before drinking?', 'What nationality are these children appear to be?', 'What does the second light mean?'] predictions ['pine', 'winemaker', 'chinese', 'stop'] gold_answers ['pine tree', 'wine taster', 'mexican', 'caution']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 85/1262 [00:28<06:04,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 85/1262 [00:28<06:04,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 87/2846529 [00:29<266:33:18,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 87/2846529 [00:29<266:33:23,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['first grade', 'cats', 'in a train station', 'fake']
questions ['What grade are these kids in?', 'Egyptians worshiped these animals?', 'Where is that kind of sign found?', 'Is the christmas tree real or fake?'] predictions ['first grade', 'cats', 'in a train station', 'fake'] gold_answers ['third', 'cat', 'train track', 'fake']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 86/1262 [00:29<06:02,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 86/1262 [00:29<06:02,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 88/2846529 [00:29<266:17:05,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 88/2846529 [00:29<266:17:10,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rack', 'east', 'he is cross country skiing', 'foil']
questions ['This holder is also called a shoe what?', 'In which direction is the wind blowing?', 'Is the man cross country skiing or is he in a race?', 'The sandwich in this photo was wrapped in what?'] predictions ['rack', 'east', 'he is cross country skiing', 'foil'] gold_answers ['rack', 'north', 'race', 'foil']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 87/1262 [00:29<06:14,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 87/1262 [00:29<06:14,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 89/2846529 [00:29<266:20:24,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 89/2846529 [00:29<266:20:28,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a medical room', 'bicycle', 'cardboard', 'sharks']
questions ['What room is this?', 'What mechanism propels the vehicle in this picture?', 'What is this toy made of?', 'What animal do you have to watch out for when doing this sport?'] predictions ['a medical room', 'bicycle', 'cardboard', 'sharks'] gold_answers ['doctor office', 'wheel', 'cardboard', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 88/1262 [00:29<05:58,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 88/1262 [00:29<05:58,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 90/2846529 [00:30<265:47:44,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 90/2846529 [00:30<265:47:48,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a driveway', 'net', '1950s', 'in a garden']
questions ['Can you name the place where the boy is playing?', 'Name the device which seperates the court above?', 'What decade was this picture taken?', 'Where is this vegetable grown?'] predictions ['a driveway', 'net', '1950s', 'in a garden'] gold_answers ['driveway', 'net', "1950's", 'garden']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 89/1262 [00:29<05:47,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 89/1262 [00:29<05:47,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 91/2846529 [00:30<265:15:34,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 91/2846529 [00:30<265:15:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a river', 'scissors', 'cat food', 'giraffe']
questions ['What body of water is this?', 'What kind of scissors are these?', 'What does this animal eat?', 'What animal is half patterned like those pictured and half patterned like a donkey?'] predictions ['a river', 'scissors', 'cat food', 'giraffe'] gold_answers ['river', 'surgical', 'tuna', 'mule']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 90/1262 [00:30<05:39,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 90/1262 [00:30<05:39,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 92/2846529 [00:30<264:44:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 92/2846529 [00:30<264:44:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1890s', 'I made it with pasta and broccoli', 'it is a large wave', 'a size that is not mentioned']
questions ['What decade was this train engine manufactured?', 'How did you make this dish?', 'Why is this dangerous?', 'What is the waist size of the man in the black shorts?'] predictions ['1890s', 'I made it with pasta and broccoli', 'it is a large wave', 'a size that is not mentioned'] gold_answers ['1800', 'boil', 'drown', '34']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 91/1262 [00:30<06:01,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 91/1262 [00:30<06:01,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 93/2846529 [00:31<264:53:24,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 93/2846529 [00:31<264:53:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nyc transit', 'skyscraper', 'ski poles', 'you should stay away from it']
questions ['What organization operates this train?', 'What is a common name for very tall buildings like the one shown in this photo?', "What is the name of the sticks held in this person's hand?", 'What do you do if you encounter this animal?'] predictions ['nyc transit', 'skyscraper', 'ski poles', 'you should stay away from it'] gold_answers ['southwest', 'skyscraper', 'pole', 'stay still']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 92/1262 [00:30<06:07,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 92/1262 [00:30<06:07,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 94/2846529 [00:31<264:50:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 94/2846529 [00:31<264:50:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['warehouse', 'street sign', 'chopsticks', 'hospital']
questions ['In what sort of building would this vehicle be found?', 'What kind of sign is this?', 'What are the eating utensils on the left called?', 'What type of building is this?'] predictions ['warehouse', 'street sign', 'chopsticks', 'hospital'] gold_answers ['warehouse', 'street sign', 'chopstick', 'hospital']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 93/1262 [00:31<05:44,  3.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 93/1262 [00:31<05:44,  3.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 95/2846529 [00:31<264:06:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 95/2846529 [00:31<264:06:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cuba', 'a blue jay', 'it is used for social media', 'olive oil']
questions ['What is the best country to visit a beach like this?', 'Which bird is this?', 'What is this device used for?', 'What type of oil was used to garnish the dish?'] predictions ['cuba', 'a blue jay', 'it is used for social media', 'olive oil'] gold_answers ['mexico', 'bluejay', 'telephony and compute', 'olive']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 94/1262 [00:31<05:55,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 94/1262 [00:31<05:55,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 96/2846529 [00:32<264:02:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 96/2846529 [00:32<264:02:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white picket fence', 'butterflies', 'a person who likes to be organized', 'it is a rescue vehicle']
questions ['What style of fence is this?', 'What insects are attracted to this plant?', 'What type of person would live in this environment?', 'Why is this vehicle parked in the beach?'] predictions ['white picket fence', 'butterflies', 'a person who likes to be organized', 'it is a rescue vehicle'] gold_answers ['picket', 'bee', 'student', 'life gaurd']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 95/1262 [00:31<06:32,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 95/1262 [00:31<06:32,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 97/2846529 [00:32<264:40:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 97/2846529 [00:32<264:40:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jousting tournament', 'in a pet store', 'white clouds', 'four']
questions ['What kind of event is this?', 'Where can you buy this pet?', 'What type of clouds are these?', 'How many wheels does this vehicle usually have?'] predictions ['a jousting tournament', 'in a pet store', 'white clouds', 'four'] gold_answers ['joust', 'pet store', 'nimbus', '8']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 96/1262 [00:32<06:30,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 96/1262 [00:32<06:30,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 98/2846529 [00:32<264:38:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 98/2846529 [00:32<264:38:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['aft', 'to the airport', 'she is wearing a headband', 'bathroom']
questions ['The rounded front part of the plane is also called the what?', 'Where are they going?', 'Why is there a rubber band on her head?', 'In what room of a house would you most likly find these types of chairs?'] predictions ['aft', 'to the airport', 'she is wearing a headband', 'bathroom'] gold_answers ['nose', 'on trip', 'hold phone', 'dine room']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 97/1262 [00:32<06:38,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 97/1262 [00:32<06:38,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 99/2846529 [00:33<264:49:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 99/2846529 [00:33<264:49:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a birthday party', 'dolls', 'a passenger jet', 'the saunders brothers']
questions ['What type of occasion would warrant this behavior?', 'Things that are scaled to such a small size but which are meant to accurately depict the larger variants are called what?', 'What kind of vehicle is that and how many terrorist attacks have been performed with it?', 'This is a modern plane that was originally inspired by what two brothers?'] predictions ['a birthday party', 'dolls', 'a passenger jet', 'the saunders brothers'] gold_answers ['vacation', 'miniature', 'airplane 3', 'wright']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 98/1262 [00:32<06:42,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 98/1262 [00:32<06:42,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 100/2846529 [00:33<264:59:25,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 100/2846529 [00:33<264:59:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a coffee drink', 'sandy', 'the onion family', 'they provide companionship']
questions ['How is this beverage made?', 'What is the type of ground the horses are riding on?', 'Under what family do these two vegetables fall in?', 'What psychological benefits do these animals provide their owners?'] predictions ['it is a coffee drink', 'sandy', 'the onion family', 'they provide companionship'] gold_answers ['brewed', 'sand', 'root', 'comfort']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 99/1262 [00:33<06:35,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 99/1262 [00:33<06:35,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 101/2846529 [00:33<264:55:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 101/2846529 [00:33<264:55:55,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sailing', 'the goal', 'a few ounces', 'a dalmatian']
questions ['What activity is taking place?', 'What is the player most likely kicking the ball towards?', 'How much water can the teapot in the photo hold?', 'What kind of dog is featured in this photo?'] predictions ['sailing', 'the goal', 'a few ounces', 'a dalmatian'] gold_answers ['sail', 'goal', '2 quarts', 'dalmation']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 100/1262 [00:33<06:40,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 100/1262 [00:33<06:40,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 102/2846529 [00:34<265:05:31,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 102/2846529 [00:34<265:05:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['red', 'over a billion', 'a scavenger', 'female']
questions ['What does the color of this sign represent in america?', 'How many of this animal are estimated to be kept as pets worldwide?', 'Giraffes have spots to provide what kind of defense?', 'What gender is the child?'] predictions ['red', 'over a billion', 'a scavenger', 'female'] gold_answers ['caution', '75 million', 'camouflage', 'female']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 101/1262 [00:33<06:44,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 101/1262 [00:33<06:44,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 103/2846529 [00:34<265:15:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 103/2846529 [00:34<265:15:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a painter', 'he is at a fair', 'a parking meter', 'canadian airways']
questions ['Who painting the artwork hanging over the fireplace?', 'Why is he eating this?', 'What is the object called that is tied around this dogs neck?', 'What is the name of the airline of the pictured airplane?'] predictions ['a painter', 'he is at a fair', 'a parking meter', 'canadian airways'] gold_answers ['artist', 'snack', 'bandana', 'air canada']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 102/1262 [00:34<06:47,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 102/1262 [00:34<06:47,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 104/2846529 [00:34<265:25:29,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 104/2846529 [00:34<265:25:32,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mashed potatoes', 'it is a laptop', 'long sleeve', 'california']
questions ['What is a good side dish for this meal?', 'What is this object for?', 'What is that special shirt called?', 'Name the place shown in this picture?'] predictions ['mashed potatoes', 'it is a laptop', 'long sleeve', 'california'] gold_answers ['fry', 'surf internet', 'wet shirt', 'highway']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 103/1262 [00:34<06:41,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 103/1262 [00:34<06:41,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 105/2846529 [00:35<265:25:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 105/2846529 [00:35<265:25:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['teddy bear', 'desk', 'a honey glaze', 'hitting a tennis ball']
questions ['What kind of stuffed toy is in the picture?', 'Which furnishing seen here is of a type reminiscent of what is seen in some classrooms?', 'What is the glaze on the chicken?', 'What is this man doing?'] predictions ['teddy bear', 'desk', 'a honey glaze', 'hitting a tennis ball'] gold_answers ['bear', 'chair', 'honey mustard', 'play tennis']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 104/1262 [00:34<06:25,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 104/1262 [00:34<06:25,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 106/2846529 [00:35<265:10:10,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 106/2846529 [00:35<265:10:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are riding a motorcycle', 'people who are allergic to them', 'boston terrier', 'to charge for parking']
questions ['Why does this person have protective clothing on?', "These are something who don't eat without a fight?", 'Name the family or bread to which this dog belongs to?', 'What is the purpose of this machine?'] predictions ['they are riding a motorcycle', 'people who are allergic to them', 'boston terrier', 'to charge for parking'] gold_answers ['safety', 'kid', 'boxer', 'park']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 105/1262 [00:35<06:23,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 105/1262 [00:35<06:23,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 107/2846529 [00:35<265:06:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 107/2846529 [00:35<265:06:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['neck', 'bread', 'computer mouse', '19th century']
questions ['This type of animal has a famously long what?', 'What type of bread is pictured in this dish?', 'What kind of devices use these?', 'What century is this?'] predictions ['neck', 'bread', 'computer mouse', '19th century'] gold_answers ['neck', 'wheat', 'computer', '19th']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 106/1262 [00:35<05:54,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 106/1262 [00:35<05:54,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 108/2846529 [00:36<264:28:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 108/2846529 [00:36<264:28:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1927', 'a food festival', 'you can buy nice looking suitcases at a luggage store', 'a chevy']
questions ['When was this airline founded?', 'What type of event are these people attending?', 'Where can i but nice looking suitcases like in this photo?', 'What make and model is the white car?'] predictions ['1927', 'a food festival', 'you can buy nice looking suitcases at a luggage store', 'a chevy'] gold_answers ['1996', 'festival', 'kohl', 'honda accord']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 107/1262 [00:35<06:58,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 107/1262 [00:35<06:58,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 109/2846529 [00:36<265:36:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 109/2846529 [00:36<265:36:43,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sailing', 'a kite', 'striped', 'catching a fish']
questions ['What water activity is occuring here?', 'What is the kid playing with?', 'What type of pattern is on the animals fur?', 'What did the animal just finishing doing?'] predictions ['sailing', 'a kite', 'striped', 'catching a fish'] gold_answers ['sail', 'kite', 'striped', 'catch fish']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 108/1262 [00:36<06:36,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 108/1262 [00:36<06:36,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 110/2846529 [00:36<265:21:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 110/2846529 [00:36<265:21:43,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a formation of four planes', 'the road will be closed', 'cactus', 'dirt']
questions ['What formation are the planes flying in?', 'What will not happen after this?', 'What plant is shown in the art on the wall?', 'What kind of soil is this?'] predictions ['a formation of four planes', 'the road will be closed', 'cactus', 'dirt'] gold_answers ['straight', 'road work', 'cactus', 'red soil']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 109/1262 [00:36<06:39,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 109/1262 [00:36<06:39,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 111/2846529 [00:37<265:29:37,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 111/2846529 [00:37<265:29:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about 100', 'coffee', 'frostbite', 'paper']
questions ['How many calories per slice does this food contain?', 'What kind of beverage could one make with the item on top of the stove?', 'What condition are these athletes trying to prevent with their clothing?', 'What is the material used to make the flowers on these cakes?'] predictions ['about 100', 'coffee', 'frostbite', 'paper'] gold_answers ['239', 'tea', 'hypothermia', 'fondant']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 110/1262 [00:36<06:15,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 110/1262 [00:36<06:15,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 112/2846529 [00:37<265:04:11,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 112/2846529 [00:37<265:04:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'nippon airways', 'a brown horse', 'it is used for work']
questions ['What brand is the tv?', 'To which airline does this plane belong?', 'What breed is the horse?', 'What is this space used for?'] predictions ['no brand', 'nippon airways', 'a brown horse', 'it is used for work'] gold_answers ['toshiba', 'ana', 'bay', 'work']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 111/1262 [00:37<06:15,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 111/1262 [00:37<06:15,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 113/2846529 [00:37<265:01:30,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 113/2846529 [00:37<265:01:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it sells clothing', 'it is a zebra', 'egypt', 'boy']
questions ['What service does this store sell?', 'Why can you not cross the barrier?', 'What country is this is?', 'Is this a boy or girl?'] predictions ['it sells clothing', 'it is a zebra', 'egypt', 'boy'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'danger', 'mexico', 'boy']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 112/1262 [00:37<06:27,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 112/1262 [00:37<06:27,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 114/2846529 [00:38<265:11:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 114/2846529 [00:38<265:11:56,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['honda', 'chinese', 'oranges', 'california']
questions ['Which brand of bike is rided by the person in the photo?', 'What language is spoken in this place?', 'What style of oranges are in the stack?', 'Which part of the country would you find such?'] predictions ['honda', 'chinese', 'oranges', 'california'] gold_answers ['suzuki', 'english', 'navel', 'coast']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 113/1262 [00:37<06:23,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 113/1262 [00:37<06:23,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 115/2846529 [00:38<265:08:18,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 115/2846529 [00:38<265:08:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catching', 'pine trees', 'They are washing their hands', 'ski poles']
questions ['Is he catching or throwing?', 'What growing item seen here is frequently used for christmas?', 'What are they doing inside this room?', 'What is the name of the hand held equipment being used?'] predictions ['catching', 'pine trees', 'They are washing their hands', 'ski poles'] gold_answers ['throw', 'pine tree', 'wash', 'ski pole']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 114/1262 [00:38<06:11,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 114/1262 [00:38<06:11,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 116/2846529 [00:38<264:54:19,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 116/2846529 [00:38<264:54:23,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a honda cbr 750', 'a black dog', 'he is walking down a path', 'the tallest one that has ever been surfed on']
questions ['Can you guess the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What kind of dog is that?', 'Why would we assume this surfer is not about to engage in his sport?', 'What is the tallest one of these that has even been surfed on?'] predictions ['a honda cbr 750', 'a black dog', 'he is walking down a path', 'the tallest one that has ever been surfed on'] gold_answers ['agusta', 'black lab', 'no water', '78 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 115/1262 [00:38<06:59,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 115/1262 [00:38<06:59,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 117/2846529 [00:39<265:46:20,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 117/2846529 [00:39<265:46:22,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['disneyland', 'a brown and white horse', 'a cow', 'hit the ball']
questions ['What brand uses these animals as advertising?', 'What type of horse is pulling the trolley?', 'What sound does this animal make?', "What's the next thing this player is likely to do?"] predictions ['disneyland', 'a brown and white horse', 'a cow', 'hit the ball'] gold_answers ['budweiser', 'clydesdale', 'moo', 'swing']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 116/1262 [00:39<06:46,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 116/1262 [00:39<06:46,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 118/2846529 [00:39<265:42:54,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 118/2846529 [00:39<265:42:57,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you feed it a lot of food', 'a pie crust', 'leather', 'a skateboard trick']
questions ['How do you take care of the breed of cat in this photo?', 'What flaky dough is used to cover this dish?', 'What are the chairs made of?', 'What type of skateboard trick can be performed on that black structure?'] predictions ['you feed it a lot of food', 'a pie crust', 'leather', 'a skateboard trick'] gold_answers ['food and water', 'bread', 'leather and wood', 'grind']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 117/1262 [00:39<06:55,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 117/1262 [00:39<06:55,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 119/2846529 [00:40<266:02:06,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 119/2846529 [00:40<266:02:09,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not heavy', 'a mirror reflection', 'deck', 'no brand']
questions ['How heavy are these animals?', 'What type of picture is this person taking?', 'Planks like these that create a level flooring attached to a house are called a what?', 'What brand of tennis racket is this person holding?'] predictions ['not heavy', 'a mirror reflection', 'deck', 'no brand'] gold_answers ['50 pounds', 'selfie', 'deck', 'wilson']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 118/1262 [00:39<06:25,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 118/1262 [00:39<06:25,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 120/2846529 [00:40<265:38:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 120/2846529 [00:40<265:38:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a kitten', 'calf', 'a tv show', 'it can carry a lot of people']
questions ['What breed it this cat?', 'What is the proper name for a child of the species shown?', 'What type of program is playing on the tv?', 'How many people can this bus carry?'] predictions ['a kitten', 'calf', 'a tv show', 'it can carry a lot of people'] gold_answers ['maine coon', 'calf', 'news', '50']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 119/1262 [00:40<06:42,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 119/1262 [00:40<06:42,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 121/2846529 [00:40<265:58:28,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 121/2846529 [00:40<265:58:33,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['palm trees', 'they are both made of bread', 'a sheep show', 'a radio']
questions ['What kind of trees are in the background?', 'What does this sandwich variant have in common with popsicles?', 'What kind of event would these animals be at?', 'What is he listening to?'] predictions ['palm trees', 'they are both made of bread', 'a sheep show', 'a radio'] gold_answers ['palm tree', 'stick', 'fair', 'music']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 120/1262 [00:40<06:34,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 120/1262 [00:40<06:34,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 122/2846529 [00:41<265:55:47,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 122/2846529 [00:41<265:55:50,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['coat', 'long', 'a police horse', 'in the chair']
questions ['What piece of clothing is this boy putting on?', 'How long is this animals tongue?', 'What is this type of policeman typically called?', 'Where in this room could i sit?'] predictions ['coat', 'long', 'a police horse', 'in the chair'] gold_answers ['glove', '20 inches', 'mounted', 'chair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 121/1262 [00:40<06:09,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 121/1262 [00:40<06:09,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 123/2846529 [00:41<265:31:10,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 123/2846529 [00:41<265:31:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['california', 'black cat', 'not enough information', 'a handrail']
questions ['In what states might this person be doing this activity?', 'What kind of cat is that?', 'Who was the artist that painted this train car?', 'What item normally used by stair climbers to maneuver forward with their arms is not on view here?'] predictions ['california', 'black cat', 'not enough information', 'a handrail'] gold_answers ['california hawaii', 'black cat', 'banksy', 'rail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 122/1262 [00:40<06:09,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 122/1262 [00:40<06:09,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 124/2846529 [00:41<265:27:36,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 124/2846529 [00:41<265:27:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['san bernardino national park', 'black', 'a sand castle', 'wicker']
questions ['What california national park are these known to be seen?', 'What kind of ties are the men wearing?', 'What treat is the vender selling?', 'What is this made of?'] predictions ['san bernardino national park', 'black', 'a sand castle', 'wicker'] gold_answers ['yosemite', 'bowties', 'cotton candy', 'wicker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 123/1262 [00:41<06:57,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 123/1262 [00:41<06:57,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 125/2846529 [00:42<266:16:19,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 125/2846529 [00:42<266:16:22,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mozzarella', 'Florida', 'food', '1880']
questions ['What type of cheese was used?', 'What is a state where this scene could take place?', 'This activity helps to ensure that what remains fresh?', 'When was the activity shown first invented?'] predictions ['mozzarella', 'Florida', 'food', '1880'] gold_answers ['mozzarella', 'south carolina', 'brush teeth', '1922']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 124/1262 [00:41<06:06,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 124/1262 [00:41<06:06,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 126/2846529 [00:42<265:31:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 126/2846529 [00:42<265:31:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lg', 'square', 'a plane', 'reading, writing, and playing the piano']
questions ['What is the brand name of the monitor?', 'Which type of glass is used for making the glass cups shown in this photo?', 'What kind of vehicle is above the building?', 'What activities could take place in this room?'] predictions ['lg', 'square', 'a plane', 'reading, writing, and playing the piano'] gold_answers ['lg', 'crystal', 'airplane', 'read']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 125/1262 [00:42<06:26,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 125/1262 [00:42<06:26,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 127/2846529 [00:42<265:48:47,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 127/2846529 [00:42<265:48:50,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a field', 'first molars', 'a giraffe', 'scissors']
questions ['Where are these people?', "This small person's first set of teeth are called the what teeth?", "What animal is printed on this baby's clothes in this picture?", 'What tools are needed to construct this toy?'] predictions ['in a field', 'first molars', 'a giraffe', 'scissors'] gold_answers ['outside', 'baby', 'turtle', 'screwdriver']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 126/1262 [00:42<06:20,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 126/1262 [00:42<06:20,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 128/2846529 [00:43<265:44:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 128/2846529 [00:43<265:44:37,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to look at himself in the mirror', 'joe dimaggio', 'horse racing', 'old fashioned']
questions ['Why would this man be wearing these glasses?', 'Who is the home run leader in this sport?', 'What sport is this?', 'What type of architecture is shown in these buildings?'] predictions ['to look at himself in the mirror', 'joe dimaggio', 'horse racing', 'old fashioned'] gold_answers ['correction', 'babe ruth', 'horse race', 'gothic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 127/1262 [00:42<06:27,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 127/1262 [00:42<06:27,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 129/2846529 [00:43<265:51:17,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 129/2846529 [00:43<265:51:19,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about 15 minutes', 'brie', '1870', 'mountain biking']
questions ['How long should i bake this for?', 'What type of cheese is on this sandwich?', 'When was this type of transportation invented?', 'What kind of sport is practiced is in this picture?'] predictions ['about 15 minutes', 'brie', '1870', 'mountain biking'] gold_answers ['30 minutes', 'swiss', '1804', 'bmx']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 128/1262 [00:42<05:53,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 128/1262 [00:42<05:53,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 130/2846529 [00:43<265:17:49,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 130/2846529 [00:43<265:17:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['world economic forum', 'a package', 'a wall clock', 'giraffes']
questions ['What topic is this event related to?', 'What is in this truck?', 'Name the clock model shown in this picture?', 'In an area like this what sort of animals might be seen in the trees?'] predictions ['world economic forum', 'a package', 'a wall clock', 'giraffes'] gold_answers ['sport', 'package', 'wall', 'monkey']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 129/1262 [00:43<05:50,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 129/1262 [00:43<05:50,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 131/2846529 [00:43<265:06:04,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 131/2846529 [00:43<265:06:06,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a candy apple', 'a toy train', 'to urinate', 'stickers']
questions ['What is the most popular candy shown here?', 'What full scale train does this small one represent?', 'What are these used for?', 'What did people put on this sign?'] predictions ['a candy apple', 'a toy train', 'to urinate', 'stickers'] gold_answers ['snicker', 'locomotive', 'pee', 'sticker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 130/1262 [00:43<05:46,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 130/1262 [00:43<05:46,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 132/2846529 [00:44<264:53:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 132/2846529 [00:44<264:53:11,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toy store', 'a game console', 'the kentucky derby', 'pink plastic containers']
questions ['What store could you find this item?', 'What device did these remotes often fly into?', 'What derby is the horse apart of?', 'What brand of container are being used?'] predictions ['toy store', 'a game console', 'the kentucky derby', 'pink plastic containers'] gold_answers ['toy store', 'wall', 'kentucky', 'tupperware']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 131/1262 [00:43<06:11,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 131/1262 [00:43<06:11,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 133/2846529 [00:44<265:09:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 133/2846529 [00:44<265:09:36,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['z', 'to make clothes', 'pelicans', 'hands']
questions ['What letter of the alphabet do those animals names start with?', 'How can be wool of sheep be used?', 'What types of birds are those present?', 'When discussing things over dinner what part of the body is it considered rude to place upon the table?'] predictions ['z', 'to make clothes', 'pelicans', 'hands'] gold_answers ['z', 'cloth', 'pelican', 'elbow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 132/1262 [00:44<05:43,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 132/1262 [00:44<05:43,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 134/2846529 [00:44<264:38:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 134/2846529 [00:44<264:38:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wetsuit', 'on the roof', 'it was lost by a child', 'a hawk']
questions ['What is the name of the garment this man is wearing?', 'Where is the luggage stored on the green bus?', 'Who lost this teddy bear?', 'What kind of bird is this?'] predictions ['wetsuit', 'on the roof', 'it was lost by a child', 'a hawk'] gold_answers ['wetsuit', 'roof', 'child', 'hawk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 133/1262 [00:44<06:00,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 133/1262 [00:44<06:00,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 135/2846529 [00:45<264:44:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 135/2846529 [00:45<264:44:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a charger', 'a cocktail', 'to celebrate a holiday', 'a spacecraft']
questions ['Before being used what are most cellphone likely connected to by those cords?', 'What drink is this?', 'What is the purpose of the red decorations in this photo?', 'Where is this picture taken from?'] predictions ['a charger', 'a cocktail', 'to celebrate a holiday', 'a spacecraft'] gold_answers ['charger', 'cocktail', 'chinese new year', 'space']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 134/1262 [00:44<05:53,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 134/1262 [00:44<05:53,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 136/2846529 [00:45<264:32:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 136/2846529 [00:45<264:32:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it eats fruit', 'snatch', 'many', 'about 10 years']
questions ['What food does this animal eat?', "This display is taken from what famous children's novel?", 'How many different types of donuts are in this shop?', 'What is the average lifespan for this animal?'] predictions ['it eats fruit', 'snatch', 'many', 'about 10 years'] gold_answers ['seed', 'harry potter', '6', '30 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 135/1262 [00:45<05:48,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 135/1262 [00:45<05:48,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 137/2846529 [00:45<264:21:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 137/2846529 [00:45<264:21:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are for a laptop', 'they are in the military', 'worms', 'a catering company']
questions ['What do those stickers do?', 'Why are these men dressed like this?', 'What brain parasite is much more likely to infect owners of these animals?', 'What type of company is represented here?'] predictions ['they are for a laptop', 'they are in the military', 'worms', 'a catering company'] gold_answers ['decorate', 'military', 'toxoplasmosis', 'cater']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 136/1262 [00:45<05:54,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 136/1262 [00:45<05:54,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 138/2846529 [00:46<264:18:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 138/2846529 [00:46<264:18:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a leash', 'stove', 'a tarp', 'military award']
questions ["What long strap can be tied to the object around the animal's neck?", 'What is the item with the burners and knobs?', 'What is that paper on the ground called?', 'What kind of award is this?'] predictions ['a leash', 'stove', 'a tarp', 'military award'] gold_answers ['leash', 'stove', 'litter', 'military']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 137/1262 [00:45<05:49,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 137/1262 [00:45<05:49,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 139/2846529 [00:46<264:07:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 139/2846529 [00:46<264:07:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['flying', 'horse drawn carriage', 'frisbee', 'tiger king']
questions ['What is the blue thing doing?', 'The rounded wheels belong to what type of vehicle?', 'What game is he playing?', 'Which tony jaa film contains this animal being rescued by the main character?'] predictions ['flying', 'horse drawn carriage', 'frisbee', 'tiger king'] gold_answers ['fly', 'wagon', 'fetch', 'ong bak']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 138/1262 [00:46<05:45,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 138/1262 [00:46<05:45,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 140/2846529 [00:46<263:56:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 140/2846529 [00:46<263:56:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['first base', 'square plate', 'marinas', 'a ship']
questions ['What base are they standing on?', 'What type of dinnerware is the food on?', 'Places where the vehicles shown here can park are called what?', 'It is a boat or ship or fishboat?'] predictions ['first base', 'square plate', 'marinas', 'a ship'] gold_answers ['second', 'plate', 'dock', 'ship']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 139/1262 [00:46<05:23,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 139/1262 [00:46<05:23,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 141/2846529 [00:46<263:25:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 141/2846529 [00:46<263:25:43,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'ram', 'they are celebrating a wine tasting', 'the lighting is low']
questions ['What brand racket is the player holding?', 'What is a male of this animal called?', 'What are these people celebrating?', 'What is the lighting in this space?'] predictions ['no brand', 'ram', 'they are celebrating a wine tasting', 'the lighting is low'] gold_answers ['wilson', 'ram', 'wine taste', 'street lamp']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 140/1262 [00:46<05:45,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 140/1262 [00:46<05:45,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 142/2846529 [00:47<263:32:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 142/2846529 [00:47<263:32:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a toy store', 'sliding down the hill', 'a cell phone', 'pirate']
questions ['Where can i buy a bear similar to this one?', 'What were they doing?', 'What device is the woman talking into?', 'To what profession is the hat depicted frequently linked?'] predictions ['in a toy store', 'sliding down the hill', 'a cell phone', 'pirate'] gold_answers ['toy store', 'sled', 'cell phone', 'pirate']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 141/1262 [00:47<05:52,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 141/1262 [00:47<05:52,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 143/2846529 [00:47<263:31:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 143/2846529 [00:47<263:31:25,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['babar', 'to read books', 'to indicate the time', 'snowboarding']
questions ['Is this type of animal more closer to the character babar or the character snoopy?', 'What can this be used for?', 'What is the purpose of the white circle?', 'What popular term is given for what the person in the background is doing?'] predictions ['babar', 'to read books', 'to indicate the time', 'snowboarding'] gold_answers ['babar', 'mousepad', 'time tell', 'photo bomb']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 142/1262 [00:47<05:39,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 142/1262 [00:47<05:39,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 144/2846529 [00:47<263:12:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 144/2846529 [00:47<263:12:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it flies', 'seattle, washington', 'they are moving slowly', 'carrots, cucumber, lettuce, and tomatoes']
questions ['In this game a poorly hit ball has what in common with a chicken?', 'Where in the world is this located?', 'How fast do these trains go?', 'What vegetables are shown?'] predictions ['it flies', 'seattle, washington', 'they are moving slowly', 'carrots, cucumber, lettuce, and tomatoes'] gold_answers ['foul', 'seattle', '50 mph', 'tomato']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 143/1262 [00:47<06:16,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 143/1262 [00:47<06:16,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 145/2846529 [00:48<263:39:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 145/2846529 [00:48<263:39:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1890', 'stopping', 'jockeys', 'a conference room']
questions ['In what year was this mode of transportation created?', 'What is the light indicating oncoming traffic should be doing?', 'The human rider on the horses are called what?', 'What kind of building is this?'] predictions ['1890', 'stopping', 'jockeys', 'a conference room'] gold_answers ['1804', 'stop', 'jockey', 'hall']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 144/1262 [00:47<05:54,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 144/1262 [00:47<05:54,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 146/2846529 [00:48<263:19:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 146/2846529 [00:48<263:19:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['plaid', 'fire department', 'in the rain', "a driver's license"]
questions ['What do you call the pattern on this tie?', 'What are these items usually used by?', 'Where do you have weather like this?', 'What is needed to use this transportation?'] predictions ['plaid', 'fire department', 'in the rain', "a driver's license"] gold_answers ['plaid', 'firemen', 'everywhere', 'key']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 145/1262 [00:48<05:59,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 145/1262 [00:48<05:59,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 147/2846529 [00:48<263:19:03,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 147/2846529 [00:48<263:19:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a barn', 'fruits', 'willow', 'shark']
questions ['Can you name the place where this horse is seen?', 'Are these fruits or vegetables?', 'What type of tree is this?', 'What animal tries to attack persons doing this activity?'] predictions ['a barn', 'fruits', 'willow', 'shark'] gold_answers ['stable', 'fruit', 'willow', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 146/1262 [00:48<05:33,  3.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 146/1262 [00:48<05:33,  3.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 148/2846529 [00:49<262:50:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 148/2846529 [00:49<262:50:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the phillies', 'he was trying to get to work', 'they have eggs on their plate', 'giraffe']
questions ['What team does this man play for?', 'Why did he leave his car next to a fire hydrant?', 'Even without bacon or sausage why would we think this person has plenty of protein on their plate?', 'What mammal do you see?'] predictions ['the phillies', 'he was trying to get to work', 'they have eggs on their plate', 'giraffe'] gold_answers ['cub', 'park', 'bean', 'giraffe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 147/1262 [00:48<06:00,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 147/1262 [00:48<06:00,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 149/2846529 [00:49<263:06:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 149/2846529 [00:49<263:06:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['charles darwin', 'The rr sign is on the pole', 'surfing', 'they are high in vitamin c']
questions ['Who had used one of these floating objects in a famous experiment on electricity?', 'How do we know there may be a railroad nearby?', 'What type of exercise might she be doing?', 'What is the nutrition value of the fruits?'] predictions ['charles darwin', 'The rr sign is on the pole', 'surfing', 'they are high in vitamin c'] gold_answers ['benjamin franklin', 'sign', 'swim', 'vitamin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 148/1262 [00:49<06:29,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 148/1262 [00:49<06:29,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 150/2846529 [00:49<263:31:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 150/2846529 [00:49<263:31:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mustard, relish, and mayo', 'it is cheap', 'a lego', 'a grey horse']
questions ['What condiments would be good on this sandwhich?', 'How expensive is this entree?', 'What brand of device is the boy using?', 'What breed of the horse is shown in the image?'] predictions ['mustard, relish, and mayo', 'it is cheap', 'a lego', 'a grey horse'] gold_answers ['ketchup', 'very expensive', 'leapfrog', 'arabian']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 149/1262 [00:49<06:31,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 149/1262 [00:49<06:31,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 151/2846529 [00:50<263:37:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 151/2846529 [00:50<263:38:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pepperoni', 'it is a bus', 'asian', 'a small amount']
questions ['What topping is on this pizza?', 'What do i do with this thing?', 'What city is shown?', 'How much wood is needed to construct this seat?'] predictions ['pepperoni', 'it is a bus', 'asian', 'a small amount'] gold_answers ['pepperoni', 'drive', 'tokyo', '8 planks']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 150/1262 [00:50<06:13,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 150/1262 [00:50<06:13,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 152/2846529 [00:50<263:27:32,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 152/2846529 [00:50<263:27:34,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['at ikea', 'honda cbr600rr', 'black pants', 'a ticket']
questions ['Where can i get a coffee table like this?', 'What is the model of the motorcycle in the front of the motorcycle pack?', 'What kind of pants is this woman wearing?', 'What might one need before being able to board one of these?'] predictions ['at ikea', 'honda cbr600rr', 'black pants', 'a ticket'] gold_answers ['furniture store', 'harley davidson', 'jog', 'ticket']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 151/1262 [00:50<06:37,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 151/1262 [00:50<06:37,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 153/2846529 [00:51<263:51:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 153/2846529 [00:51<263:51:20,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the united kingdom', 'the Alps', 'a small biplane', 'a burger with a knife']
questions ['Is this sport popular more popular in the us or the uk?', 'What moutains are in the background?', 'What kind of airplane is this?', 'What is the name of this sandwich?'] predictions ['the united kingdom', 'the Alps', 'a small biplane', 'a burger with a knife'] gold_answers ['uk', 'andes', 'biplane', 'hamburger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 152/1262 [00:50<06:45,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 152/1262 [00:50<06:45,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 154/2846529 [00:51<264:06:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 154/2846529 [00:51<264:06:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['beef and vegetables', 'it is very creepy', 'to be treated', 'garage']
questions ['What food is this?', 'How creepy is the decor in this room?', 'Why might someone need to be in the place of this photo?', 'Is this a garage or factory?'] predictions ['beef and vegetables', 'it is very creepy', 'to be treated', 'garage'] gold_answers ['stew', 'very', 'sick', 'garage']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 153/1262 [00:51<06:23,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 153/1262 [00:51<06:23,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 155/2846529 [00:51<263:55:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 155/2846529 [00:51<263:55:47,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['forklift driver', 'a lot', 'a horse farm', 'gasoline']
questions ['What occupation might he have?', 'How much water can the bottles on the table hold?', 'What kind of farm is this?', 'What kind of fuel does this toy use?'] predictions ['forklift driver', 'a lot', 'a horse farm', 'gasoline'] gold_answers ['forklift driver', '1 liter', 'horse farm', 'gasoline']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 154/1262 [00:51<05:58,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 154/1262 [00:51<05:58,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 156/2846529 [00:52<263:36:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 156/2846529 [00:52<263:36:57,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ottoman', 'san francisco', 'goth', 'squat']
questions ['What is the term for the kind of furniture in front of the mirror?', 'What city is this?', 'Are these people goth or punk and what are some famous japanese and korean goth and punk fashions?', 'When you bend your knees as this man is doing you are performing an exercise called a what?'] predictions ['ottoman', 'san francisco', 'goth', 'squat'] gold_answers ['ottoman', 'los angeles', 'goth', 'squat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 155/1262 [00:51<05:59,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 155/1262 [00:51<05:59,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 157/2846529 [00:52<263:35:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 157/2846529 [00:52<263:35:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nokia', 'a grassy area', 'a cloud', 'practicing']
questions ["Who manufactured this popular 1990's cellular phone?", 'Name the place where this bear is seen in this picture?', 'What is behind the plane?', 'Is he playing in a game or practicing?'] predictions ['nokia', 'a grassy area', 'a cloud', 'practicing'] gold_answers ['motorola', 'alaska', 'smoke', 'practice']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 156/1262 [00:52<05:50,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 156/1262 [00:52<05:50,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 158/2846529 [00:52<263:24:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 158/2846529 [00:52<263:24:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["valentine's day", 'strawberry', 'a suit and a bow tie', 'the south']
questions ['Which holiday would the teddy bear be sold at malls?', 'What kind of fruit?', 'What kind of clothes is dressing the man?', 'From what part of the country is this food most likely being served in?'] predictions ["valentine's day", 'strawberry', 'a suit and a bow tie', 'the south'] gold_answers ["valentine's day", 'strawberry', 'suit', 'south']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 157/1262 [00:52<06:11,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 157/1262 [00:52<06:11,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 159/2846529 [00:53<263:39:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 159/2846529 [00:53<263:39:25,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['domes', 'it is high in vitamin c', 'bench', 'a walkway']
questions ['Are the tops of these towers minarets or domes?', 'What health benefit does this type of vegetable have?', 'What is this piece of outside furniture called?', 'Is this a walkway or motorway?'] predictions ['domes', 'it is high in vitamin c', 'bench', 'a walkway'] gold_answers ['minaret', 'fiber', 'bench', 'walkway']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 158/1262 [00:52<06:17,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 158/1262 [00:52<06:17,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 160/2846529 [00:53<263:45:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 160/2846529 [00:53<263:45:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ski hill', 'venus and agnes', 'samsung', 'pizza']
questions ['What is the common name for this type of hill?', 'Which fashion conscious sisters are famous for playing this game?', 'What brand of phone is this?', 'What is a slang word for this food item?'] predictions ['ski hill', 'venus and agnes', 'samsung', 'pizza'] gold_answers ['bunny', 'williams', 'samsung', 'pie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 159/1262 [00:53<06:14,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 159/1262 [00:53<06:14,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 161/2846529 [00:53<263:45:48,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 161/2846529 [00:53<263:45:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['herd', 'a chevrolet', 'propeller', 'elizabeth i']
questions ['A group of these animals is called a what?', 'What brand of vehicle is that?', 'What is the name of the mechanism located on the front end of the plane?', 'What princess famously suggested that peasants eat this type of food?'] predictions ['herd', 'a chevrolet', 'propeller', 'elizabeth i'] gold_answers ['herd', 'lincoln', 'propeller', 'marie antoinette']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 160/1262 [00:53<06:28,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 160/1262 [00:53<06:28,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 162/2846529 [00:54<264:00:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 162/2846529 [00:54<264:00:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a recliner', 'at their door', 'overhand', 'chamomile tea']
questions ['What type of easy chair is this?', 'Do the occupants of this building receive their mail at their door or in a box along the street?', 'Was the ball thrown overhand or underhand?', 'Which popular digestive aid is the color of this table cloth?'] predictions ['a recliner', 'at their door', 'overhand', 'chamomile tea'] gold_answers ['recliner', 'box', 'underhand', 'pepto bismol']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 161/1262 [00:53<06:10,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 161/1262 [00:53<06:10,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 163/2846529 [00:54<263:50:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 163/2846529 [00:54<263:50:24,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skateboard', 'it is a car', 'a chinese sauce', 'good']
questions ["What is missing on this man's elbows and knees?", 'How much is this truck worth?', 'What kind of tomato sauce is there?', 'What kind of omen is the cat on the right considered?'] predictions ['a skateboard', 'it is a car', 'a chinese sauce', 'good'] gold_answers ['pad', '125000', 'marinara', 'bad']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 162/1262 [00:54<06:16,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 162/1262 [00:54<06:16,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 164/2846529 [00:54<263:56:46,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 164/2846529 [00:54<263:56:48,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are playing soccer', 'a high altitude', 'a wetsuit', 'a refrigerator']
questions ['Why do the boys shirts match?', 'What altitude do these animals favor?', 'What is the suit the woman was wearing made of?', 'What common appliance is missing from this kitchen?'] predictions ['they are playing soccer', 'a high altitude', 'a wetsuit', 'a refrigerator'] gold_answers ['same team', 'high', 'neoprene', 'microwave']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 163/1262 [00:54<06:01,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 163/1262 [00:54<06:01,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 165/2846529 [00:55<263:46:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 165/2846529 [00:55<263:46:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to stop traffic', 'a polaroid camera', 'coffee', 'the giants']
questions ['What is this light used for?', 'What was used to capture this photo?', 'What kind of beverage is the poster on the left referring to?', 'What team is number 51 from?'] predictions ['to stop traffic', 'a polaroid camera', 'coffee', 'the giants'] gold_answers ['traffic', 'camera', 'beer', 'giant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 164/1262 [00:54<06:09,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 164/1262 [00:54<06:09,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 166/2846529 [00:55<263:52:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 166/2846529 [00:55<263:52:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['', 'a strike', 'english', 'a bath']
questions ['What key allows someone to remove text?', 'If the player misses the ball in the pictured game it is called what?', 'In what language is the name of this boat written?', 'It looks like this baby just got out of what?'] predictions ['', 'a strike', 'english', 'a bath'] gold_answers ['backspace', 'strike', 'danish', 'bath']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 165/1262 [00:55<05:38,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 165/1262 [00:55<05:38,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 167/2846529 [00:55<263:26:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 167/2846529 [00:55<263:26:42,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a rural area', 'a cloth', 'wetsuit', 'cross country skiing']
questions ['What type of place is this train in?', 'What common material can you use to clean shine the object being held?', 'The body hugging garment seen here is called a what?', 'What type of skiing is this man doing?'] predictions ['a rural area', 'a cloth', 'wetsuit', 'cross country skiing'] gold_answers ['train track', 'wax', 'wetsuit', 'cross country']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 166/1262 [00:55<05:26,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 166/1262 [00:55<05:26,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 168/2846529 [00:55<263:09:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 168/2846529 [00:55<263:09:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sandwich with a salad', 'hamburger', 'you would cross the street', 'del']
questions ['What type of sandwich is being served?', 'What is the meat in this photo made of?', 'What would you do if you were in the right lane?', 'Who manufactured this clock?'] predictions ['a sandwich with a salad', 'hamburger', 'you would cross the street', 'del'] gold_answers ['cucumber', 'pork', 'turn right', 'dent']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 167/1262 [00:55<05:44,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 167/1262 [00:55<05:44,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 169/2846529 [00:56<263:15:24,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 169/2846529 [00:56<263:15:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a glass cleaner', 'gray', 'herbivore', 'desktop']
questions ['What kind of cleaner would you use to keep the glass spot free?', 'What is the weather like?', 'Is the bird in the picture a carnivore or herbivore?', 'Is this a laptop or desktop?'] predictions ['a glass cleaner', 'gray', 'herbivore', 'desktop'] gold_answers ['windex', 'stormy', 'herbivore', 'desktop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 168/1262 [00:55<05:29,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 168/1262 [00:55<05:29,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 170/2846529 [00:56<262:58:08,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 170/2846529 [00:56<262:58:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['right handed', 'it is a friday', 'green beans', 'fairy lights']
questions ['Is the batter left or right handed?', 'What day of the week is it?', 'What vegetable is in the casserole dish?', 'What type of lighting is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['right handed', 'it is a friday', 'green beans', 'fairy lights'] gold_answers ['right', 'sunday', 'tomato', 'christmas light']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 169/1262 [00:56<05:38,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 169/1262 [00:56<05:38,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 171/2846529 [00:56<262:56:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 171/2846529 [00:56<262:56:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['orange and white', 'cat', 'a remote control', 'a gas station']
questions ['What type of cat is this?', 'A famous of these animals does not like mondays?', 'What electronic device is being featured in this photo?', 'What gas station is pictured?'] predictions ['orange and white', 'cat', 'a remote control', 'a gas station'] gold_answers ['domestic', 'garfield', 'remote', 'shell']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 170/1262 [00:56<05:24,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 170/1262 [00:56<05:24,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 172/2846529 [00:57<262:39:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 172/2846529 [00:57<262:39:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['their anniversary', 'summer', 'the alps', 'wal-mart']
questions ['What could this couple be celebrating?', 'What season is it outside?', 'What mountain range is this?', 'What big box store is known for selling both of these items?'] predictions ['their anniversary', 'summer', 'the alps', 'wal-mart'] gold_answers ['anniversary', 'autumn', 'alp', 'best buy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 171/1262 [00:56<05:24,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 171/1262 [00:56<05:24,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 173/2846529 [00:57<262:30:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 173/2846529 [00:57<262:30:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a boater', 'the upper atmosphere', 'pulling a plow', 'a trailer']
questions ['What would a perosn who drives one of these be called?', 'What part of the atmosphere is the object in?', 'What are the horses doing?', 'What is the semi hawling?'] predictions ['a boater', 'the upper atmosphere', 'pulling a plow', 'a trailer'] gold_answers ['captain', 'troposphere', 'plow', 'shed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 172/1262 [00:57<05:34,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 172/1262 [00:57<05:34,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 174/2846529 [00:57<262:28:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 174/2846529 [00:57<262:28:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a beard with a mustache', 'alaska airways', 'a man', 'old fashioned']
questions ['Why style of beard does the man in the blue shirt have?', 'What company owns the airplane?', 'Who makes the guitar on the wall?', 'What type of bike is this?'] predictions ['a beard with a mustache', 'alaska airways', 'a man', 'old fashioned'] gold_answers ['goatee', 'star alliance', 'gibson', 'penny farthing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 173/1262 [00:57<06:07,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 173/1262 [00:57<06:07,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 175/2846529 [00:58<262:49:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 175/2846529 [00:58<262:49:38,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are grazing', 'its trunk', 'good', 'the phillies']
questions ["Why aren't the animals eating meat?", 'What is the most valuable part of this animal?', "Is this animal's memory known to be good or poor?", 'What team has won the most world series?'] predictions ['they are grazing', 'its trunk', 'good', 'the phillies'] gold_answers ['they eat grass', 'tusk', 'good', 'yankees']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 174/1262 [00:57<05:54,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 174/1262 [00:57<05:54,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 176/2846529 [00:58<262:40:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 176/2846529 [00:58<262:40:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['short pants', 'he is at a wedding', 'taking a picture of her dog', 'a horse rider']
questions ['What type of pants is this person wearing?', 'What is this man doing today?', 'What is the woman doing?', 'What profession is the man in the picture?'] predictions ['short pants', 'he is at a wedding', 'taking a picture of her dog', 'a horse rider'] gold_answers ['short', 'get married', 'take picture', 'rancher']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 175/1262 [00:58<06:03,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 175/1262 [00:58<06:03,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 177/2846529 [00:58<262:46:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 177/2846529 [00:58<262:46:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is about a donut', 'sweet', 'a steam locomotive', 'rice']
questions ['What is that book about?', 'Does this food taste salty sweet sour or bitter?', 'Name the model of train shown in this picture?', 'What kind of noodles are those?'] predictions ['it is about a donut', 'sweet', 'a steam locomotive', 'rice'] gold_answers ['topology', 'sweet', 'steam locomotive', 'ramen']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 176/1262 [00:58<06:09,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 176/1262 [00:58<06:09,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 178/2846529 [00:59<262:52:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 178/2846529 [00:59<262:52:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a smoothie', 'sad', 'brown bear', 'skiing']
questions ['What can i make with this?', 'Is the person in this picture sad mad or glad?', 'What type of bear is this?', 'What outdoor activity are they prepared for?'] predictions ['a smoothie', 'sad', 'brown bear', 'skiing'] gold_answers ['smoothie', 'glad', 'grizzly', 'camp']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 177/1262 [00:58<05:38,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 177/1262 [00:58<05:38,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 179/2846529 [00:59<262:29:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 179/2846529 [00:59<262:29:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['men', 'police motorcycles', 'They are flying to a destination', 'u.s. 89']
questions ['Who would use these?', 'What is the model of these motorcycles?', 'Why might these animals be seen in formation?', 'What highways is this?'] predictions ['men', 'police motorcycles', 'They are flying to a destination', 'u.s. 89'] gold_answers ['men', 'harley davidson', 'migration', 'route 66']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 178/1262 [00:59<05:51,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 178/1262 [00:59<05:51,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 180/2846529 [00:59<262:34:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 180/2846529 [00:59<262:34:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the tropics', 'desk', 'to read', 'bamboo']
questions ['Where are produce like these normally grown?', 'What type of furniture are the computers sitting on?', 'What purpose do the glasses the man is wearing serve?', 'What are the baskets made of?'] predictions ['in the tropics', 'desk', 'to read', 'bamboo'] gold_answers ['tropic', 'desk', 'see better', 'wicker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 179/1262 [00:59<05:43,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 179/1262 [00:59<05:43,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 181/2846529 [01:00<262:26:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 181/2846529 [01:00<262:26:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a suspension bridge', 'you can see the square thing', 'a canopy bed', 'fishing']
questions ['What kind of bridge is shown inthe background?', 'What does the square thing let you do?', 'What type of bed is this?', 'What are the vehicles in the picture used for?'] predictions ['a suspension bridge', 'you can see the square thing', 'a canopy bed', 'fishing'] gold_answers ['suspension', 'reflect', 'canopy', 'sail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 180/1262 [00:59<05:45,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 180/1262 [00:59<05:45,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 182/2846529 [01:00<262:24:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 182/2846529 [01:00<262:24:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['san diego', 'bunk bed', 'ursidae', 'space']
questions ['Name the place where the bus is shown in this picture?', 'What kind of bed system is this?', 'What is the scientific name of the animal seen here?', 'What do you think the tv program the cat is watching is about?'] predictions ['san diego', 'bunk bed', 'ursidae', 'space'] gold_answers ['arizona', 'bunk bed', 'equus quagga', 'space']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 181/1262 [01:00<05:47,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 181/1262 [01:00<05:47,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 183/2846529 [01:00<262:23:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 183/2846529 [01:00<262:23:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sahara desert', 'a beard', 'english', 'sharks']
questions ['Can you guess the place name where these cattle are shown in this picture?', "What is the patch of hair growing along this man's ear called?", 'What language is the writing in?', 'What animal do these sportsmen often get attacked by?'] predictions ['sahara desert', 'a beard', 'english', 'sharks'] gold_answers ['ranch', 'sideburn', 'english', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 182/1262 [01:00<05:41,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 182/1262 [01:00<05:41,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 184/2846529 [01:01<262:16:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 184/2846529 [01:01<262:16:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a garbage company', 'a country in the middle east', 'tail', 'american airlines']
questions ['What company does this truck work for?', 'What country are these people in?', 'The long trailing part of this flying object is called a what?', 'What company is this brand for?'] predictions ['a garbage company', 'a country in the middle east', 'tail', 'american airlines'] gold_answers ['waste management', 'iceland', 'tail', 'american airline']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 183/1262 [01:00<05:54,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 183/1262 [01:00<05:54,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 185/2846529 [01:01<262:22:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 185/2846529 [01:01<262:22:53,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['paper', '1890', 'a lot', 'carpet']
questions ['What material is burning?', 'When was this building made?', 'How many kids can fit inside the bus?', 'What is the piece of decorative fabric called that the cat is sitting on?'] predictions ['paper', '1890', 'a lot', 'carpet'] gold_answers ['wax', '1899', '50', 'rug']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 184/1262 [01:01<05:27,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 184/1262 [01:01<05:27,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 186/2846529 [01:01<262:01:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 186/2846529 [01:01<262:01:08,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to be used for military purposes', 'a beer', 'jet fuel', 'a double decker bus']
questions ['What is the primary purpose of the vehicles in this image?', 'What kind of beer is in the photo?', 'What type of fuel do jets use?', 'What ride is in the middle of the photo?'] predictions ['to be used for military purposes', 'a beer', 'jet fuel', 'a double decker bus'] gold_answers ['fly', 'craft', 'jet fuel', 'ferris wheel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 185/1262 [01:01<05:35,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 185/1262 [01:01<05:35,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 187/2846529 [01:01<262:00:44,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 187/2846529 [01:01<262:00:46,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['donut', 'reflectance', 'tusks', 'a court']
questions ['What shape is the consistent in this picture?', "What is the property that allows images to be seen on an object's surface like the ornament's?", 'What are the white things under the trunk called?', "Do you think that it is more likely that this is a court or someone's home?"] predictions ['donut', 'reflectance', 'tusks', 'a court'] gold_answers ['circle', 'reflection', 'tusk', 'court']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 186/1262 [01:01<05:32,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 186/1262 [01:01<05:32,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 188/2846529 [01:02<261:53:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 188/2846529 [01:02<261:53:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a large number of sand dunes', 'food', 'jets', 'a suit jacket']
questions ['Khol is known for these?', 'What does this company provide?', 'What kind of aircraft are seen in this picture?', 'What type of jacket is this person wearing?'] predictions ['a large number of sand dunes', 'food', 'jets', 'a suit jacket'] gold_answers ['sink', 'spark plug', 'jet', 'suit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 187/1262 [01:02<06:14,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 187/1262 [01:02<06:14,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 189/2846529 [01:02<262:20:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 189/2846529 [01:02<262:20:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the closet', 'to keep people safe', 'english', 'his wife']
questions ['Where should you put your valuables when staying here?', 'What is the colorful object used for?', 'What language is the sign in?', 'Is this his wife or sister?'] predictions ['in the closet', 'to keep people safe', 'english', 'his wife'] gold_answers ['safe', 'water', 'french', 'sister']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 188/1262 [01:02<05:49,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 188/1262 [01:02<05:49,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 190/2846529 [01:02<262:06:00,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 190/2846529 [01:02<262:06:01,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is not fast', 'kohler', 'a bed', 'the east coast']
questions ['How fast can one of these travel?', 'Who makes that sink faucet?', 'What is stuffed inside that furniture?', 'What coast is this?'] predictions ['it is not fast', 'kohler', 'a bed', 'the east coast'] gold_answers ['100 mph', 'kohler', 'foam', 'new england']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 189/1262 [01:02<05:33,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 189/1262 [01:02<05:33,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 191/2846529 [01:03<261:52:19,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 191/2846529 [01:03<261:52:21,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are high', 'barber school', 'a train station', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ['How high are they?', 'What is the type of school one must attend to professionally perform the action shown in the photo?', 'What type of building is this?', 'Who invented the yellow and black item?'] predictions ['they are high', 'barber school', 'a train station', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['very high', 'cosmetology', 'skyscraper', 'samuel fox']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 190/1262 [01:03<06:16,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 190/1262 [01:03<06:16,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 192/2846529 [01:03<262:20:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 192/2846529 [01:03<262:20:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a mule', 'skiing, snowboarding, ice skating, and ice fishing', 'a teddy bear', 'to communicate with others']
questions ['What breed of horse is that?', 'What are some other popular activities to do here?', 'What sort of animal is represented by the toy figure in this photo?', 'What could these electronics be used for?'] predictions ['a mule', 'skiing, snowboarding, ice skating, and ice fishing', 'a teddy bear', 'to communicate with others'] gold_answers ['clydesdale', 'ski', 'bear', 'computer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 191/1262 [01:03<07:11,  2.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 191/1262 [01:03<07:11,  2.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 193/2846529 [01:04<263:07:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 193/2846529 [01:04<263:07:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is a police officer', 'use them to brush your teeth', 'pulled pork', 'a lot']
questions ['Why he is having an orange vest?', 'What can you do with the items pictured?', 'What is the meat called on the sandwich?', 'How many people can fit inside the stadium in the photo?'] predictions ['he is a police officer', 'use them to brush your teeth', 'pulled pork', 'a lot'] gold_answers ['safety', 'brush teeth', 'pulled pork', '20000']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 192/1262 [01:03<06:55,  2.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 192/1262 [01:03<06:55,  2.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 194/2846529 [01:04<263:12:25,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 194/2846529 [01:04<263:12:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is stopped at a stop sign', 'a hawk', 'a wet suit is made from a wetsuit material', 'biscuits']
questions ["Why isn't the car moving?", 'What is the name of the bird in this picture?', 'What material is the wet suit made from?', 'These round edible items are called what in england?'] predictions ['it is stopped at a stop sign', 'a hawk', 'a wet suit is made from a wetsuit material', 'biscuits'] gold_answers ['stoplight', 'eagle', 'rubber', 'biscuit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 193/1262 [01:04<07:44,  2.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 193/1262 [01:04<07:44,  2.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 195/2846529 [01:05<264:03:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 195/2846529 [01:05<264:03:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brown bear', 'firefighter', 'honda cbr 125', 'a door']
questions ['What breed of bear is this?', 'What is the employment of these people?', 'Name the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What is outside of the window?'] predictions ['brown bear', 'firefighter', 'honda cbr 125', 'a door'] gold_answers ['grizzly', 'firefight', 'yamaha', 'bench']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 194/1262 [01:04<07:28,  2.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 194/1262 [01:04<07:28,  2.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 196/2846529 [01:05<264:15:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 196/2846529 [01:05<264:16:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['an owl', 'apple slicer', 'the us open', 'over a million']
questions ['What is the picture in the food?', 'What is the name of the white device in the photo?', 'What event is this?', 'How many people ride this mode of transportation in europe?'] predictions ['an owl', 'apple slicer', 'the us open', 'over a million'] gold_answers ['angry bird', 'slicer', 'tennis match', 'million']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 195/1262 [01:05<06:42,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 195/1262 [01:05<06:42,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 197/2846529 [01:05<264:02:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 197/2846529 [01:05<264:02:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['light reflected from the lights', 'a floral pattern', 'the thomas train', 'passengers']
questions ['What causes auras around traffic lights when photos are taken at night?', 'There are two girls in the forefront of this photo the one on the left has no type of pattern on her clothing but what design is on the girls on the right?', 'What is the name of the famous train pictured?', 'What are the individuals inside of this vehicle called?'] predictions ['light reflected from the lights', 'a floral pattern', 'the thomas train', 'passengers'] gold_answers ['glare', 'floral', 'thomas', 'passenger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 196/1262 [01:05<06:27,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 196/1262 [01:05<06:27,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 198/2846529 [01:06<264:01:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 198/2846529 [01:06<264:01:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['june', 'silver', 'motorcycle clubs', 'in dubai']
questions ['What month is this?', 'What is the complimentary color to the bike?', 'What groups do persons who ride these vehicles usually belong to?', 'Where might i see these?'] predictions ['june', 'silver', 'motorcycle clubs', 'in dubai'] gold_answers ['march', 'silver', 'gang', 'air show']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 197/1262 [01:05<05:49,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 197/1262 [01:05<05:49,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 199/2846529 [01:06<263:41:03,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 199/2846529 [01:06<263:41:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a shepherd', 'a few', 'picture book', 'the plate']
questions ['What breed of dog is this?', 'How many of these animals remain in the wild?', 'Would this child be more likely to enjoy a picture book or one with only words?', 'The man is indicating what to the obeserver?'] predictions ['a shepherd', 'a few', 'picture book', 'the plate'] gold_answers ['collie', 'thousand', 'picture', 'be quiet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 198/1262 [01:05<05:23,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 198/1262 [01:05<05:23,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 200/2846529 [01:06<263:20:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 200/2846529 [01:06<263:20:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1915', 'the man with the white shirt', 'water', 'striped']
questions ['Based on the clothing what year was this picture taken?', 'Judging by this picture who might we suspect is winning?', 'What do people throw in these round objects?', 'What kind of pattern does the cat have?'] predictions ['1915', 'the man with the white shirt', 'water', 'striped'] gold_answers ['1930', 'white shirt', 'coin', 'striped']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 199/1262 [01:06<05:31,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 199/1262 [01:06<05:31,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 201/2846529 [01:06<263:19:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 201/2846529 [01:06<263:19:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["it's night", 'to tell the time', 'train tracks', 'it has a lot of protein']
questions ['What time of day is it?', 'What purpose is there to having all of these clocks on the wall?', 'What types of tracks are these in the photo?', 'How much protein is in this meal?'] predictions ["it's night", 'to tell the time', 'train tracks', 'it has a lot of protein'] gold_answers ['dusk', 'time zone', 'railroad', 'lot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 200/1262 [01:06<05:45,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 200/1262 [01:06<05:45,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 202/2846529 [01:07<263:24:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 202/2846529 [01:07<263:25:00,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dr. pepper', 'on the beach', 'apple pie', 'a small boat']
questions ['What manufacturer sells that brand soda?', 'Where are these kites?', 'This sport is often spoken of as being as american as what dessert?', 'What type of boat is this?'] predictions ['dr. pepper', 'on the beach', 'apple pie', 'a small boat'] gold_answers ['pepsi', 'sky', 'apple pie', 'sail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 201/1262 [01:06<05:36,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 201/1262 [01:06<05:36,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 203/2846529 [01:07<263:17:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 203/2846529 [01:07<263:17:13,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a heron', 'in a restaurant', 'corded', 'coffee shop']
questions ['What type of bird is this?', 'Where is this lady having lunch?', 'Does this computer have a corded or cordless mouse?', 'What style of restaurant is this kitchen a part of?'] predictions ['a heron', 'in a restaurant', 'corded', 'coffee shop'] gold_answers ['heron', 'outside', 'cordless', 'fast food']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 202/1262 [01:07<05:22,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 202/1262 [01:07<05:22,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 204/2846529 [01:07<263:03:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 204/2846529 [01:07<263:03:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['luggage', 'a shepherd dog', 'bananas', 'a meal']
questions ['What are all the things sitting in front of the red truck?', 'What breed of dog is that dog?', 'What type of fruits are shown in the picture?', 'What is this woman preparing in the photo?'] predictions ['luggage', 'a shepherd dog', 'bananas', 'a meal'] gold_answers ['luggage', 'collie', 'banana and grape', 'sweet potato']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 203/1262 [01:07<05:13,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 203/1262 [01:07<05:13,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 205/2846529 [01:08<262:50:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 205/2846529 [01:08<262:50:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'thin crust', 'it is very fast', 'mozzarella cheese']
questions ['How many calories are in this dish?', 'What kind of crust does this pizza have?', 'How fast does this train move?', 'What is this pizza cheese made from?'] predictions ['a lot', 'thin crust', 'it is very fast', 'mozzarella cheese'] gold_answers ['1500', 'thick', 'very', 'cow milk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 204/1262 [01:07<05:04,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 204/1262 [01:07<05:04,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 206/2846529 [01:08<262:35:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 206/2846529 [01:08<262:35:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['far sighted', 'mud', 'in a city', 'a remote control']
questions ['Based on the refraction in the image explain if this man is far sighted or near sighted?', 'What do these animals eat?', 'Where can you find a stop like this?', "What long strap is attached to the object around the animal's neck?"] predictions ['far sighted', 'mud', 'in a city', 'a remote control'] gold_answers ['near sighted', 'plant', 'train station', 'leash']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 205/1262 [01:08<04:58,  3.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 205/1262 [01:08<04:58,  3.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 207/2846529 [01:08<262:21:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 207/2846529 [01:08<262:21:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they contain vitamin c', 'tulips', 'water', 'cupcakes']
questions ['What healthy properties do these fruit contain?', 'What kind of plant is this?', 'What is being hauled in this train?', 'What are these snacks called?'] predictions ['they contain vitamin c', 'tulips', 'water', 'cupcakes'] gold_answers ['vitamin', 'flower', 'oil', 'cupcake']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 206/1262 [01:08<05:02,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 206/1262 [01:08<05:02,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 208/2846529 [01:08<262:13:21,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 208/2846529 [01:08<262:13:23,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chinese', 'graffiti', 'thomas e. taylor', 'about a foot']
questions ['What language are the signs in?', 'What tool is usedd for this type of art?', 'Who invented this item?', 'How long is this animals tongue on average?'] predictions ['chinese', 'graffiti', 'thomas e. taylor', 'about a foot'] gold_answers ['mandarin', 'spray paint', 'richard trevithick', '20 inches']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 207/1262 [01:08<06:06,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 207/1262 [01:08<06:06,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 209/2846529 [01:09<262:48:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 209/2846529 [01:09<262:48:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tabby', 'omnivorous', 'mustard', 'they are messy']
questions ['What breed of cat is the one laying indoors?', 'Are these animals carnivorous herbivorous or omnivorous?', 'Which of the condiment in the picture is a traditional burger fixing?', 'What does a messy desk like this say about a person?'] predictions ['a tabby', 'omnivorous', 'mustard', 'they are messy'] gold_answers ['house cat', 'herbivorous', 'mustard', 'disorganized']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 208/1262 [01:09<05:42,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 208/1262 [01:09<05:42,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 210/2846529 [01:09<262:35:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 210/2846529 [01:09<262:35:38,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john mccartney', 'steamed', 'black', 'a broken arm']
questions ['Who directed the film whose one word title also describes this image?', 'Are vegetables and meats more healthy if they are boiled or if they are steamed?', 'What is the main color tint of this photo?', 'What is a common injury found in people engaging in this sport?'] predictions ['john mccartney', 'steamed', 'black', 'a broken arm'] gold_answers ['hitchcock', 'steamed', 'sepia', 'broken leg']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 209/1262 [01:09<06:02,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 209/1262 [01:09<06:02,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 211/2846529 [01:10<262:48:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 211/2846529 [01:10<262:48:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is waiting for a bus', 'white bread', 'they are not specified', 'a vegetable burger']
questions ['Why is the guy on the stool?', 'What type of bread is the sandwich made on?', 'How much do these boats weigh?', 'Name the dish which can be prepared using these vegetables?'] predictions ['he is waiting for a bus', 'white bread', 'they are not specified', 'a vegetable burger'] gold_answers ['speak', 'croissant', '5 tons', 'hot dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 210/1262 [01:09<06:15,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 210/1262 [01:09<06:15,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 212/2846529 [01:10<263:00:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 212/2846529 [01:10<263:00:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['polar bears are endangered by climate change', 'horse riding', 'beginner', 'olives']
questions ['What phenomena has endangered the habitat of this animal?', 'This gentleman is dressed for what sport?', 'Is this surfer a beginner intermediate or advanced?', 'What type of vegetable is on this pizza?'] predictions ['polar bears are endangered by climate change', 'horse riding', 'beginner', 'olives'] gold_answers ['global warm', 'polo', 'advanced', 'olives']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 211/1262 [01:10<06:31,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 211/1262 [01:10<06:31,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 213/2846529 [01:10<263:17:43,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 213/2846529 [01:10<263:17:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['George Washington', 'a drink', 'white picket fence', 'the average wage for these workers is about $30,000 per year']
questions ['What famous founding father was known for his association with this object?', 'What type of beverage is pictured?', 'What kind of fence is this?', 'What is the average wage for these workers?'] predictions ['George Washington', 'a drink', 'white picket fence', 'the average wage for these workers is about $30,000 per year'] gold_answers ['benjamin franklin', 'tea', 'picket', 'minimum']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 212/1262 [01:10<07:10,  2.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 212/1262 [01:10<07:10,  2.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 214/2846529 [01:11<263:53:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 214/2846529 [01:11<263:53:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a store', 'the 1990s', 'carrot', 'hiking']
questions ['Where could you sell an item like this?', 'From what decade might this laptop be from?', 'This cake contains what vegatable?', 'What activity is this?'] predictions ['in a store', 'the 1990s', 'carrot', 'hiking'] gold_answers ['ebay', "2000's", 'carrot', 'hike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 213/1262 [01:11<06:27,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 213/1262 [01:11<06:27,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 215/2846529 [01:11<263:40:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 215/2846529 [01:11<263:40:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cafeteria', 'monitors', 'a cell phone', 'watching tv']
questions ['Where in school would you find this?', 'What are the screens called?', 'What kind of electronic device is used in this picture?', 'What activity is usually done sitting in those furniture?'] predictions ['cafeteria', 'monitors', 'a cell phone', 'watching tv'] gold_answers ['cafeteria', 'monitor', 'phone', 'watch tv']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 214/1262 [01:11<05:56,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 214/1262 [01:11<05:56,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 216/2846529 [01:11<263:27:04,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 216/2846529 [01:11<263:27:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a long time', 'old fashioned trains', 'safe', 'sit and relax']
questions ['How long does this animal usually live?', 'What type of trains are these?', 'Is it safe or unsafe in this park at night?', 'What do people do in this room?'] predictions ['a long time', 'old fashioned trains', 'safe', 'sit and relax'] gold_answers ['16 years', 'steam', 'unsafe', 'relax']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 215/1262 [01:11<05:35,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 215/1262 [01:11<05:35,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 217/2846529 [01:12<263:14:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 217/2846529 [01:12<263:14:03,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['western', 'a bear', 'teflon', 'a dog']
questions ['In what kind of movies would a man wear a hat like this while riding a horse?', 'In this image what believes soup is too hot too cold and just right?', 'Who was the first company to make this type of glove?', 'What is the scientific name for the animal in the picture?'] predictions ['western', 'a bear', 'teflon', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['western', 'goldilocks', 'rawlings', 'canine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 216/1262 [01:11<05:37,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 216/1262 [01:11<05:37,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 218/2846529 [01:12<263:12:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 218/2846529 [01:12<263:12:51,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a baseball cap', 'a sandwich with meat and vegetables', 'it is a suitcase', 'a lot']
questions ['What type of hat is the man wearing?', 'What type of sandwich is this?', 'What is the name of this bag?', 'How many people can each of these ships hold?'] predictions ['a baseball cap', 'a sandwich with meat and vegetables', 'it is a suitcase', 'a lot'] gold_answers ['fedora', 'blt', 'suitcase', '5000']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 217/1262 [01:12<05:46,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 217/1262 [01:12<05:46,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 219/2846529 [01:12<263:17:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 219/2846529 [01:12<263:17:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['roses', 'day', 'horse race', 'a sandwhich']
questions ['What type of flower is this?', 'Is this meeting taking place during the day or night?', 'What kind of event is this?', 'This type of sandwich held together by tooth picks is frequently referred to as a what type of sandwich?'] predictions ['roses', 'day', 'horse race', 'a sandwhich'] gold_answers ['rose', 'day', 'horse race', 'reuben']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 218/1262 [01:12<05:45,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 218/1262 [01:12<05:45,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 220/2846529 [01:13<263:16:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 220/2846529 [01:13<263:16:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['berries', 'a smart phone', 'digestive system', 'It is made by putting the dough in a pan and then cutting it into slices']
questions ['What kind of food does this bird favor?', 'What type of cell phone is in the photo?', 'The fruit before you is good for which parts of the body?', 'How is this made?'] predictions ['berries', 'a smart phone', 'digestive system', 'It is made by putting the dough in a pan and then cutting it into slices'] gold_answers ['worm', 'flip', 'immune system', 'in oven']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 219/1262 [01:13<07:30,  2.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 219/1262 [01:13<07:30,  2.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 221/2846529 [01:13<264:28:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 221/2846529 [01:13<264:28:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a mouse', 'put it in the oven', 'mosquito net', 'windows']
questions ['What animal does the cat thinks this device is?', 'What do you do with this?', 'What is over the bed?', 'What are the glass doors called?'] predictions ['a mouse', 'put it in the oven', 'mosquito net', 'windows'] gold_answers ['mouse', 'eat', 'mosquito net', 'french door']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 220/1262 [01:13<06:49,  2.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 220/1262 [01:13<06:49,  2.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 222/2846529 [01:14<264:21:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 222/2846529 [01:14<264:21:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ski lift', 'the london clock', 'donuts', 'it can fly high']
questions ['What is the device called up that is suspended on the cables shown?', 'What is a famous example of the item in the middle of the picture?', 'What type of pastries in this image that has a hole in the midle and are round?', 'How high can this kite fly?'] predictions ['ski lift', 'the london clock', 'donuts', 'it can fly high'] gold_answers ['lift', 'big ben', 'donuts', '50 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 221/1262 [01:13<06:28,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 221/1262 [01:13<06:28,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 223/2846529 [01:14<264:19:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 223/2846529 [01:14<264:19:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['yes', 'it is a clock tower', 'to drink', 'san juan']
questions ['Is this shop making a pun or using a double entendre?', 'What is this building used for?', 'Why is the cow going to the water?', 'Can you guess the sea name shown in this picture?'] predictions ['yes', 'it is a clock tower', 'to drink', 'san juan'] gold_answers ['pun', 'worship', 'drink', 'pacific ocean']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 222/1262 [01:14<06:14,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 222/1262 [01:14<06:14,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 224/2846529 [01:14<264:18:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 224/2846529 [01:14<264:18:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['new orleans saints', 'korean air', 'The bird has a yellow beak', 'Asia']
questions ['What kind of sport team is this in reference to?', 'What airline are the planes from?', 'How do we know this is not a woodpecker?', 'From what continent does this meal look like it came from?'] predictions ['new orleans saints', 'korean air', 'The bird has a yellow beak', 'Asia'] gold_answers ['football', 'korean air', 'color', 'asia']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 223/1262 [01:14<06:21,  2.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 223/1262 [01:14<06:21,  2.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 225/2846529 [01:15<264:29:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 225/2846529 [01:15<264:29:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are celebrating halloween', 'about 40 years', '1939', 'a ps3']
questions ['Why are they carving pumpkins?', 'How long do these animals live?', 'What year was this picture taken?', 'Which gaming system is being used in this photo?'] predictions ['they are celebrating halloween', 'about 40 years', '1939', 'a ps3'] gold_answers ['halloween', '50 years', '1930', 'nintendo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 224/1262 [01:14<06:11,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 224/1262 [01:14<06:11,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 226/2846529 [01:15<264:29:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 226/2846529 [01:15<264:29:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to or from a city', 'sharks', 'the ocean of california', 'a chihuahua']
questions ['Where are these planes traveling to or from?', 'What animals can attack the person when they do this activity?', 'What ocean has the best surfing waves?', 'What breed of dogs are in this photo?'] predictions ['to or from a city', 'sharks', 'the ocean of california', 'a chihuahua'] gold_answers ['australia', 'shark', 'pacific', 'pit bull']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 225/1262 [01:15<06:36,  2.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 225/1262 [01:15<06:36,  2.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 227/2846529 [01:16<264:51:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 227/2846529 [01:16<264:51:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a chihuahua', 'the salad', 'a cheese spread', 'a thoroughbred']
questions ['What breed of dog is riding in the car?', 'What is the most healthy item in this picture?', 'What kind of spread is on the rolls?', 'What breed of horse is this?'] predictions ['a chihuahua', 'the salad', 'a cheese spread', 'a thoroughbred'] gold_answers ['german shepherd', 'lettuce', 'butter', 'race']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 226/1262 [01:15<06:54,  2.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 226/1262 [01:15<06:54,  2.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 228/2846529 [01:16<265:13:26,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 228/2846529 [01:16<265:13:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['downhill', 'one year', 'cooking', 'vanilla']
questions ['What direction is the skiier going?', 'How old should this animal be before they are taken from their mother?', 'What type of activity might people do in this room?', 'What flavor is this cake?'] predictions ['downhill', 'one year', 'cooking', 'vanilla'] gold_answers ['downhill', '6 weeks', 'cook', 'vanilla']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 227/1262 [01:16<05:56,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 227/1262 [01:16<05:56,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 229/2846529 [01:16<264:48:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 229/2846529 [01:16<264:48:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["in the early 1900's", 'white', 'spoon', 'a pair of pants']
questions ['When did people start using these as decorations?', 'What is the object the man is touching made of?', 'What utensil is being used to eat this meal?', 'What kind of pants is she wearing?'] predictions ["in the early 1900's", 'white', 'spoon', 'a pair of pants'] gold_answers ['recently', 'fiberglass', 'fork', 'pajama']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 228/1262 [01:16<05:51,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 228/1262 [01:16<05:51,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 230/2846529 [01:17<264:47:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 230/2846529 [01:17<264:47:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they can fly at high speeds', '1888', 'messy', 'the gothic style']
questions ['How fast can these planes fly?', 'In what year was the first teddy like this one created?', 'Is this kitchen messy or tidy?', 'What style of architechture normally used these ornate arches and windows?'] predictions ['they can fly at high speeds', '1888', 'messy', 'the gothic style'] gold_answers ['1000 mph', '1912', 'messy', 'gothic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 229/1262 [01:16<05:46,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 229/1262 [01:16<05:46,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 231/2846529 [01:17<264:45:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 231/2846529 [01:17<264:45:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the medieval period', 'in the kitchen', '2,000 pounds', 'the overhead compartment']
questions ['What time period are these people from?', 'Where can you find this green vegetable?', 'What is the average weight of an adult male of this species?', 'This item is small enough to go into what part of the plane?'] predictions ['the medieval period', 'in the kitchen', '2,000 pounds', 'the overhead compartment'] gold_answers ['medieval', 'garden', '800 lbs', 'overhead bin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 230/1262 [01:16<05:17,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 230/1262 [01:16<05:17,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 232/2846529 [01:17<264:26:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 232/2846529 [01:17<264:26:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['backpackers', 'person', 'chinese', 'fir']
questions ['People that travel with these strappable types of luggage are often called what?', 'What famous painter created this masterpiece?', 'What nationality is this girl?', 'Name the type of wood used to make this window shown in this picture?'] predictions ['backpackers', 'person', 'chinese', 'fir'] gold_answers ['hike', 'monet', 'korean', 'cedar']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 231/1262 [01:17<05:05,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 231/1262 [01:17<05:05,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 233/2846529 [01:17<264:13:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 233/2846529 [01:17<264:13:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a black cat', 'mozzarella', 'the room is filled with figurines', 'wallpaper']
questions ['What type of cat is in the cartoon?', 'What type of cheese is being spread?', 'Why might one suspect that someone here enjoys fantasy and sci fi?', 'What is this wallcovering called?'] predictions ['a black cat', 'mozzarella', 'the room is filled with figurines', 'wallpaper'] gold_answers ['tuxedo', 'mozerella', 'action figure', 'wallpaper']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 232/1262 [01:17<05:22,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 232/1262 [01:17<05:22,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 234/2846529 [01:18<264:17:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 234/2846529 [01:18<264:17:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is for a microwave', 'purple', 'nitrous oxide', 'the pull of the wind']
questions ['What is does the space under the oven for do?', 'What type of flowers are in the pot?', 'What pollutants do these vehicles emit?', 'The kite in the air flies because of what physics principle?'] predictions ['it is for a microwave', 'purple', 'nitrous oxide', 'the pull of the wind'] gold_answers ['bake', 'violet', 'co2', 'wind']

Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 233/1262 [01:17<05:25,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 233/1262 [01:17<05:25,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 235/2846529 [01:18<264:15:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 235/2846529 [01:18<264:15:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a crane', 'vase', 'it is a pizza', 'lufthansa']
questions ['What is needed to use this vehicle?', 'The dried flowers in this photo are stuck down inside what type of item?', 'Why might this picture bring the brand tums to mind?', 'What model of airplane is this?'] predictions ['a crane', 'vase', 'it is a pizza', 'lufthansa'] gold_answers ['license', 'vase', 'heartburn', '747']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 234/1262 [01:18<05:19,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 234/1262 [01:18<05:19,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 236/2846529 [01:18<264:08:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 236/2846529 [01:18<264:08:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['picnic', 'clock', 'a wetsuit', 'slovakia']
questions ['What type of meal are these people enjoying?', 'What is this structure?', 'What kind of suit would you wear while doing this?', 'Where can i go to see views like this?'] predictions ['picnic', 'clock', 'a wetsuit', 'slovakia'] gold_answers ['picnic', 'ferris wheel', 'swim', 'switzerland']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 235/1262 [01:18<05:15,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 235/1262 [01:18<05:15,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 237/2846529 [01:19<264:01:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 237/2846529 [01:19<264:01:14,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['0', 'nursing', 'icing', 'in the past']
questions ['Assuming the average model the company of toy cars produces what is the maximum speed these guys can achieve?', 'What is the baby animal doing?', 'What is the best selling brand of the topping decorating this donut?', 'When was this computer purchased?'] predictions ['0', 'nursing', 'icing', 'in the past'] gold_answers ['20', 'eat', 'betty crocker', '2008']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 236/1262 [01:18<04:56,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 236/1262 [01:18<04:56,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 238/2846529 [01:19<263:43:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 238/2846529 [01:19<263:43:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a c-47', 'the clock tower of santa rosa', 'ice cream', 'cruise ship']
questions ['Which model plane is this?', 'Which clock tower is this?', 'What type of desert is being served here?', 'What type of ship is this?'] predictions ['a c-47', 'the clock tower of santa rosa', 'ice cream', 'cruise ship'] gold_answers ['boeing', 'big ben', 'blended beverage', 'cruise']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 237/1262 [01:19<05:48,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 237/1262 [01:19<05:48,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 239/2846529 [01:19<264:08:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 239/2846529 [01:19<264:08:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a single bed', 'a breed of dog', 'london', 'you can make it by putting olives on top of the pizza']
questions ['What size bed is in this room?', 'Are these dogs from what type of breed?', 'What city can you find these subways?', 'How do you make the dish?'] predictions ['a single bed', 'a breed of dog', 'london', 'you can make it by putting olives on top of the pizza'] gold_answers ['twin', 'greyhound', 'new york city', 'in oven']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 238/1262 [01:19<06:49,  2.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 238/1262 [01:19<06:49,  2.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 240/2846529 [01:20<264:49:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 240/2846529 [01:20<264:49:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['arctic tundra', 'halloween', 'they are not worth much', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ["What is this animal's natural habitat?", 'What holiday is this?', 'How valuable are these collectibles?', 'Who invented this vehicle?'] predictions ['arctic tundra', 'halloween', 'they are not worth much', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['artic', 'halloween', 'not valuable', 'wright brother']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 239/1262 [01:20<06:59,  2.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 239/1262 [01:20<06:59,  2.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 241/2846529 [01:20<265:08:32,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 241/2846529 [01:20<265:08:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a museum', 'huang sai', 'less', 'The animal is a zebra']
questions ['Where are these planes?', 'In what city is this place located?', 'Would you travel more or less than 100 miles in this vehicle?', 'How do we know this is not a horse?'] predictions ['in a museum', 'huang sai', 'less', 'The animal is a zebra'] gold_answers ['museum', 'hong kong', 'more', 'stripe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 240/1262 [01:20<06:50,  2.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 240/1262 [01:20<06:50,  2.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 242/2846529 [01:21<265:17:43,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 242/2846529 [01:21<265:17:44,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['arugula', 'a bouquet of flowers', 'the arctic', 'prison']
questions ['What green food is on top of the pizza?', 'What kind of flowers are on the table?', 'Where did this animal originate from?', 'What type of establishment would have this?'] predictions ['arugula', 'a bouquet of flowers', 'the arctic', 'prison'] gold_answers ['spinach', 'rose', 'egypt', 'prison']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 241/1262 [01:20<06:17,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 241/1262 [01:20<06:17,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 243/2846529 [01:21<265:10:12,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 243/2846529 [01:21<265:10:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no one', 'orange juice', "valentine's day", 'a man']
questions ['Who is the famous tennis player in this photo?', 'Which liquid seen here comes from a citrus fruit?', 'What celebration are these desserts for?', 'Who is top player in this sport?'] predictions ['no one', 'orange juice', "valentine's day", 'a man'] gold_answers ['sharapova', 'orange juice', 'valentine', 'kelly slater']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 242/1262 [01:21<06:03,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 242/1262 [01:21<06:03,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 244/2846529 [01:21<265:07:54,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 244/2846529 [01:21<265:07:55,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white clouds', 'transporting people', 'to travel', 'samsung galaxy s3']
questions ['What type of clouds are in the sky?', 'A vehicle like the one in the image is used primarily for what purpose?', 'What do people use trains like this for?', 'Name the mobile model shown in this picture?'] predictions ['white clouds', 'transporting people', 'to travel', 'samsung galaxy s3'] gold_answers ['cirrus', 'transport', 'travel', 'flip phone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 243/1262 [01:21<06:18,  2.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 243/1262 [01:21<06:18,  2.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 245/2846529 [01:22<265:22:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 245/2846529 [01:22<265:22:01,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['coffee table', 'a table and chairs', 'citrus', 'kohler']
questions ['What is the name of the table in front of the couch?', 'What objects are usually in this room?', 'What type of plant do these fruits grow from?', 'What is a company that makes these?'] predictions ['coffee table', 'a table and chairs', 'citrus', 'kohler'] gold_answers ['coffee table', 'table and chair', 'tree', 'kohler']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 244/1262 [01:21<05:55,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 244/1262 [01:21<05:55,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 246/2846529 [01:22<265:14:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 246/2846529 [01:22<265:14:15,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['barn', 'the architect', 'in the pacific ocean', 'a horse is a large animal']
questions ['What kind of building are these animals in?', 'Who designed this tower beautifully?', 'Where did this sport originate?', 'What is this animal known for?'] predictions ['barn', 'the architect', 'in the pacific ocean', 'a horse is a large animal'] gold_answers ['barn', 'architect', 'hawaii', 'ride']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 245/1262 [01:22<06:05,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 245/1262 [01:22<06:05,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 247/2846529 [01:22<265:23:44,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 247/2846529 [01:22<265:23:46,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['his face', 'volleyball', 'a medieval style', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ["What will get sunburned the most if this man doesn't use sunscreen?", 'What game is this?', 'What style of architecture is pictured?', 'Who did this in the rain in the name of science?'] predictions ['his face', 'volleyball', 'a medieval style', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['shoulder', 'volleyball', 'spanish', 'benjamin franklin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 246/1262 [01:22<06:28,  2.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 246/1262 [01:22<06:28,  2.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 248/2846529 [01:23<265:42:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 248/2846529 [01:23<265:42:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a fire hydrant', 'the cat that ate the baby', 'spring', 'colander']
questions ['What type of fire safety equipment is located near the parking lot?', 'What urban legend is mostly associated to the cat found in this picture?', 'What season is it most likely in the image?', 'What type of dish is in the picture?'] predictions ['a fire hydrant', 'the cat that ate the baby', 'spring', 'colander'] gold_answers ['fire hydrant', 'bad luck', 'fall', 'colander']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 247/1262 [01:23<06:18,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 247/1262 [01:23<06:18,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 249/2846529 [01:23<265:45:49,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 249/2846529 [01:23<265:45:51,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['playing a video game', 'chevre', 'use a lint roller to clean the toy', 'the military']
questions ['What is this guy doing?', 'What kind of cheese do these animals make?', 'What is the best way to clean the toy in this picture?', 'Who might fly this jet?'] predictions ['playing a video game', 'chevre', 'use a lint roller to clean the toy', 'the military'] gold_answers ['play video game', 'goat', 'wash machine', 'pilot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 248/1262 [01:23<07:01,  2.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 248/1262 [01:23<07:01,  2.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 250/2846529 [01:24<266:19:38,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 250/2846529 [01:24<266:19:39,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is used for work', 'cloudy', 'acer', '19th century']
questions ['What is this machine used for?', 'What type of weather would you say is shown here?', 'The box features the logo from which company?', 'What century is this?'] predictions ['it is used for work', 'cloudy', 'acer', '19th century'] gold_answers ['work', 'partly cloudy', 'amazon', '20th']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 249/1262 [01:23<06:24,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 249/1262 [01:23<06:24,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 251/2846529 [01:24<266:12:01,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 251/2846529 [01:24<266:12:03,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no voltage', 'a city in the middle of the country', 'st. john', 'walk']
questions ['How much voltage is being carried by these power lines?', 'What city do you think this is in?', 'Who is famous for this activity?', 'What is this elephant about to do?'] predictions ['no voltage', 'a city in the middle of the country', 'st. john', 'walk'] gold_answers ['155000', 'san francisco', 'shawn white', 'poop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 250/1262 [01:24<06:32,  2.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 250/1262 [01:24<06:32,  2.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 252/2846529 [01:24<266:25:07,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 252/2846529 [01:24<266:25:09,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['king', 'young', 'blanket', 'new york city']
questions ['What name is listed across the top of the can of the red truck?', 'What age range do you think these people are?', 'The covering on the bed is called a what?', 'What famous city is this located in?'] predictions ['king', 'young', 'blanket', 'new york city'] gold_answers ['roy cawood', 'teenager', 'blanket', 'new york city']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 251/1262 [01:24<05:47,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 251/1262 [01:24<05:47,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 253/2846529 [01:25<266:07:15,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 253/2846529 [01:25<266:07:16,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a calf', 'strawberry', 'black', 'she is pregnant']
questions ['What breed of cow is this?', 'What fruit is that?', 'Which type of material is used for making the hat weared by the lady?', 'Why is the ladies stomach large?'] predictions ['a calf', 'strawberry', 'black', 'she is pregnant'] gold_answers ['jersey', 'melon', 'fabric', 'pregnant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 252/1262 [01:24<05:34,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 252/1262 [01:24<05:34,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 254/2846529 [01:25<266:00:26,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 254/2846529 [01:25<266:00:28,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a cell phone', 'piano', 'the people are wearing winter clothes', 'johnny cash']
questions ['What piece of technology is the child playing with?', 'What liberace used in his career?', 'How can you tell what the season might be in this setting?', 'Who sang the song referenced in the picture?'] predictions ['a cell phone', 'piano', 'the people are wearing winter clothes', 'johnny cash'] gold_answers ['cell phone', 'piano', 'cloth', 'mc hammer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 253/1262 [01:25<05:33,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 253/1262 [01:25<05:33,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 255/2846529 [01:25<265:58:55,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 255/2846529 [01:25<265:58:57,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1830', 'to protect people from the sun', 'dancing', 'marshall amp']
questions ['When were these machines invented?', 'What is the purpose of those umbrellas?', 'What activity are they doing?', 'What object is disguised as a fridge?'] predictions ['1830', 'to protect people from the sun', 'dancing', 'marshall amp'] gold_answers ['1800', 'block sun', 'dance', 'amplifier']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 254/1262 [01:25<05:31,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 254/1262 [01:25<05:31,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 256/2846529 [01:26<265:56:52,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 256/2846529 [01:26<265:56:54,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wakeboarding', 'to hit the ball', 'mirror', 'a tin roof']
questions ['What water sport is shown here?', 'What is the object of this game?', 'What is the object called on the wall that you can see yourself in?', 'What kind of roof this house had?'] predictions ['wakeboarding', 'to hit the ball', 'mirror', 'a tin roof'] gold_answers ['wakeboarding', 'score', 'mirror', 'shingle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 255/1262 [01:25<05:31,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 255/1262 [01:25<05:31,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 257/2846529 [01:26<265:55:34,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 257/2846529 [01:26<265:55:35,  2.97it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to catch rainwater', 'snack', 'skate park', 'not mentioned']
questions ['What purpose does the metal grate shown in the picture have?', 'Is this a snack or meal?', 'Name the place where these persons skating in this picture?', 'What brand are the boys jeans?'] predictions ['to catch rainwater', 'snack', 'skate park', 'not mentioned'] gold_answers ['drainage', 'snack', 'skatepark', 'levi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 256/1262 [01:26<05:13,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 256/1262 [01:26<05:13,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 258/2846529 [01:26<265:43:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 258/2846529 [01:26<265:43:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a canoe', 'video game controllers', 'The dog will run away', 'talking on the phone']
questions ['What kind of boat is this man making?', 'What items are filling the shelves in the far left of this photo?', 'What do you think is going to happen next?', 'What kind of activity is this person engaged in?'] predictions ['a canoe', 'video game controllers', 'The dog will run away', 'talking on the phone'] gold_answers ['canoe', 'book', 'fight', 'talk on phone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 257/1262 [01:26<05:09,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 257/1262 [01:26<05:09,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 259/2846529 [01:27<265:36:55,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 259/2846529 [01:27<265:36:56,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['food', 'The train is moving', 'a stork', 'be used to fly people']
questions ['What type of product is being advertised on the bus?', 'How do you know the train is working?', 'What bird is this?', 'What will these do?'] predictions ['food', 'The train is moving', 'a stork', 'be used to fly people'] gold_answers ['paint', 'smoke', 'pelican', 'fly']

Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 258/1262 [01:26<05:06,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 258/1262 [01:26<05:06,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 260/2846529 [01:27<265:30:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 260/2846529 [01:27<265:30:24,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in california', 'white', 'first base', 'tv manufacturer']
questions ['In what state was this photo taken?', 'Which type of cotton is used for making this tie weared by the person?', 'What position does the batter play?', 'What is the company that designs the television?'] predictions ['in california', 'white', 'first base', 'tv manufacturer'] gold_answers ['oregon', '100% cotton', 'outfield', 'samsung']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 259/1262 [01:27<05:21,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 259/1262 [01:27<05:21,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 261/2846529 [01:27<265:33:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 261/2846529 [01:27<265:33:44,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['two apple computers', 'pepperoni', 'a nun outfit', 'dog']
questions ['What kind of desktops are those pictured?', 'What are the round black things called that is used as a topping for this pizza in the photo?', 'What kind of outfit is the man on the skateboard wearing?', "The animal in this image is said to be man's best what?"] predictions ['two apple computers', 'pepperoni', 'a nun outfit', 'dog'] gold_answers ['mac', 'olives', 'habit', 'friend']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 260/1262 [01:27<05:07,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 260/1262 [01:27<05:07,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 262/2846529 [01:27<265:23:07,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 262/2846529 [01:27<265:23:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['playing video games', 'san francisco', 'ray ban', 'a guinea fowl']
questions ['What are these people doing?', 'What city is this?', 'What brand of sunglasses are hanging off the mans red shirt?', 'What type of flightless bird is this?'] predictions ['playing video games', 'san francisco', 'ray ban', 'a guinea fowl'] gold_answers ['play game', 'new york city', 'ray ban', 'turkey']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 261/1262 [01:27<05:39,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 261/1262 [01:27<05:39,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 263/2846529 [01:28<265:37:20,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 263/2846529 [01:28<265:37:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dark clouds', 'a passenger train', 'silver', 'italian']
questions ['What sort of clouds are these?', 'What type of train is this?', 'Name a metal shown?', 'What nationality is represented by this crusty bread?'] predictions ['dark clouds', 'a passenger train', 'silver', 'italian'] gold_answers ['storm', 'commuter', 'spoon', 'french']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 262/1262 [01:27<05:19,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 262/1262 [01:27<05:19,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 264/2846529 [01:28<265:25:58,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 264/2846529 [01:28<265:26:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a businessman', 'drum', 'the chevrolet c10', 'diesel']
questions ['What type of profession does he look like he has?', 'What instrument is the toy bear playing?', 'Which car pictured has the fastest top speed?', 'What type of fuel does this vehicle use?'] predictions ['a businessman', 'drum', 'the chevrolet c10', 'diesel'] gold_answers ['detective', 'drum', 'mustang', 'diesel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 263/1262 [01:28<05:45,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 263/1262 [01:28<05:45,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 265/2846529 [01:29<265:38:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 265/2846529 [01:29<265:38:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['healthy', 'kitten', 'wine', 'coca cola']
questions ['Is this a healthy or unhealthy meal?', 'What do you call a baby version of this animal?', 'What is the substance contained in the bottle?', 'What brand of soda is on the shelf?'] predictions ['healthy', 'kitten', 'wine', 'coca cola'] gold_answers ['healthy', 'kitten', 'alcohol', 'coca cola']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 264/1262 [01:28<05:22,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 264/1262 [01:28<05:22,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 266/2846529 [01:29<265:27:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 266/2846529 [01:29<265:27:23,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['black granite', 'a rasberry cake', 'lemons', 'North America']
questions ['What type of countertop is used for the sink?', 'The red items on the pastry are a specific ingredient for what type of cake?', 'What kind of fruit are these commonly called?', 'On what continent does the animal that is depicted live?'] predictions ['black granite', 'a rasberry cake', 'lemons', 'North America'] gold_answers ['granite', 'strawberry', 'citrus', 'antarctica']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 265/1262 [01:29<05:41,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 265/1262 [01:29<05:41,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 267/2846529 [01:29<265:36:17,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 267/2846529 [01:29<265:36:19,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bow tie', 'coconut oil', 'john mcguire', 'spoon']
questions ["What is the knot on this man's tie called?", 'What type of oil could have been used to cook this meal?', 'Who famously rode one of these in easy rider?', 'What utensil may be used when eating this soft food?'] predictions ['a bow tie', 'coconut oil', 'john mcguire', 'spoon'] gold_answers ['knot', 'olive', 'peter fonda', 'spoon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 266/1262 [01:29<05:45,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 266/1262 [01:29<05:45,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 268/2846529 [01:30<265:40:11,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 268/2846529 [01:30<265:40:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['hit it', 'skis', 'blinds', 'cherries']
questions ['According to the road lines cars can do what to another car?', 'What are they riding on?', 'What type of window covering is in this photo?', 'What is the cake topped with?'] predictions ['hit it', 'skis', 'blinds', 'cherries'] gold_answers ['pass', 'ski', 'bamboo', 'cherry and pineapple']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 267/1262 [01:29<05:07,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 267/1262 [01:29<05:07,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 269/2846529 [01:30<265:19:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 269/2846529 [01:30<265:19:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rowing', 'a guitar', 'a small plane', 'a ski resort']
questions ['What activity is this?', 'What would be in the small case?', 'What airlines is this?', 'What kind of resort is this?'] predictions ['rowing', 'a guitar', 'a small plane', 'a ski resort'] gold_answers ['row', 'violin', 'winair', 'ski']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 268/1262 [01:29<04:56,  3.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 268/1262 [01:29<04:56,  3.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 270/2846529 [01:30<265:08:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 270/2846529 [01:30<265:08:43,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['moving', 'inflatable bed', 'to the shore', '1939']
questions ['Would you say this is moving or standing still?', 'What kind of bed is that?', 'Where is the boat headed?', 'What year was this car manufactured?'] predictions ['moving', 'inflatable bed', 'to the shore', '1939'] gold_answers ['move', 'air mattress', 'shore', '1950']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 269/1262 [01:30<04:40,  3.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 269/1262 [01:30<04:40,  3.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 271/2846529 [01:30<264:52:45,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 271/2846529 [01:30<264:52:46,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a mouse', 'grapes', 'it is not fast', 'baseball']
questions ['What piece of technology is lain between the notepad and computer?', 'What is the person washing?', 'What is the fastest this animal can run?', 'What game is being played?'] predictions ['a mouse', 'grapes', 'it is not fast', 'baseball'] gold_answers ['calculator', 'grape', '25 mph', 'teeball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 270/1262 [01:30<04:36,  3.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 270/1262 [01:30<04:36,  3.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 272/2846529 [01:31<264:41:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 272/2846529 [01:31<264:41:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['volvo', 'gasoline', 'pine trees', 'skateboard park']
questions ['What company do these buses work for?', 'What fuel does this take?', 'What type of trees are on the slope?', 'What kind of recreational facility is this?'] predictions ['volvo', 'gasoline', 'pine trees', 'skateboard park'] gold_answers ['volvo', 'gasoline', 'evergreen', 'skate park']

Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 271/1262 [01:30<04:25,  3.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 271/1262 [01:30<04:25,  3.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 273/2846529 [01:31<264:25:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 273/2846529 [01:31<264:25:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['oil', 'a church', 'scissors', 'blueberry']
questions ['What are you able to typically get out of the red container sitting upon the sidewalk in the background of this photo?', 'What building is this?', 'What is the triangular green colored device used for?', 'What type of berry is in this cake?'] predictions ['oil', 'a church', 'scissors', 'blueberry'] gold_answers ['newspaper', 'church', 'reflex', 'blueberry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 272/1262 [01:30<04:18,  3.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 272/1262 [01:30<04:18,  3.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 274/2846529 [01:31<264:09:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 274/2846529 [01:31<264:09:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['giraffe', 'a rib', 'a small light plane', 'in the basket']
questions ['What kind of animal is the person in the photo looking at through the window?', 'What type of meat is pictured?', 'What brand of airplane is shown?', 'Where is the red food found?'] predictions ['giraffe', 'a rib', 'a small light plane', 'in the basket'] gold_answers ['giraffe', 'chicken', 'cessna', 'tree']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 273/1262 [01:31<04:29,  3.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 273/1262 [01:31<04:29,  3.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 275/2846529 [01:31<264:03:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 275/2846529 [01:31<264:03:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['kite flying', 'recreational', 'bart simpson', 'laying on a couch']
questions ['What competition is this?', 'Is this a method of trasportation for her or is it simply for recreational purposes?', 'Is this animal more closely related to a phrase bart simpson had or lou dobbs had?', 'What is this dog doing?'] predictions ['kite flying', 'recreational', 'bart simpson', 'laying on a couch'] gold_answers ['kite', 'recreational', 'bart simpson', 'rest']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 274/1262 [01:31<04:45,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 274/1262 [01:31<04:45,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 276/2846529 [01:32<264:02:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 276/2846529 [01:32<264:02:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['Skis', 'produce', 'apple', 'a captain']
questions ['What sporting equipment are they using?', 'In what section of the store are these fruit typically kept?', 'What its this a fruit or vegetable?', 'What rank is the man on the right?'] predictions ['Skis', 'produce', 'apple', 'a captain'] gold_answers ['ski', 'produce', 'fruit', 'captain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 275/1262 [01:31<04:32,  3.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 275/1262 [01:31<04:32,  3.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 277/2846529 [01:32<263:47:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 277/2846529 [01:32<263:47:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['eggs', 'ping pong', 'pigeon', 'a quilt']
questions ["What is spread across the person's toast in this photo?", 'What are they playing?', 'Name the bird?', 'What type of blanket is that?'] predictions ['eggs', 'ping pong', 'pigeon', 'a quilt'] gold_answers ['butter', 'paddle ball', 'pigeon', 'quilt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 276/1262 [01:32<04:30,  3.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 276/1262 [01:32<04:30,  3.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 278/2846529 [01:32<263:36:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 278/2846529 [01:32<263:36:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['desert', 'a chinese soup', 'english and hot dogs', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ['What would you call this type of climate or ecosystem pictured here?', 'What type of soup will be made with this?', 'What language is that on the advertisements and what foods are they advertising?', 'Who is allegedly famous for doing this activity in a lightning storm?'] predictions ['desert', 'a chinese soup', 'english and hot dogs', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['desert', 'vegetable', 'english hot dog', 'benjamin franklin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 277/1262 [01:32<05:17,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 277/1262 [01:32<05:17,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 279/2846529 [01:33<263:54:14,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 279/2846529 [01:33<263:54:15,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['underfed', 'They are snowboarding', 'love', 'the airport']
questions ['Are these horses underfed or overfed?', 'How are the two people in this photo suspended in air?', 'What type of emotion is displayed in the image?', 'Can you guess the location where the aeroplane is seen?'] predictions ['underfed', 'They are snowboarding', 'love', 'the airport'] gold_answers ['overfed', 'ski lift', 'love', 'arizona']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 278/1262 [01:32<05:02,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 278/1262 [01:32<05:02,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 280/2846529 [01:33<263:43:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 280/2846529 [01:33<263:43:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['green peas', 'a bath', 'a sub', 'good']
questions ['What kind of peas is shown?', 'When a cat makes a face like the one in this image what grooming activity are they not looking forward to?', 'What is this food called?', 'Based on her expression is the woman receving good or bad cell reception?'] predictions ['green peas', 'a bath', 'a sub', 'good'] gold_answers ['snow pea', 'bath', 'hoagie', 'bad']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 279/1262 [01:33<04:51,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 279/1262 [01:33<04:51,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 281/2846529 [01:33<263:33:03,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 281/2846529 [01:33<263:33:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['common zebras', 'in a store', 'neoclassical', 'hot dog']
questions ['Are these common zebras or south african zebras?', 'Where can you buy contemporary furniture?', 'What style of architecture is pictured?', 'What is the german name for this meal item?'] predictions ['common zebras', 'in a store', 'neoclassical', 'hot dog'] gold_answers ['common', 'ikea', 'spanish', 'bratwurst']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 280/1262 [01:33<04:59,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 280/1262 [01:33<04:59,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 282/2846529 [01:33<263:31:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 282/2846529 [01:33<263:31:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1920s', 'kitesurfing', 'signs', '18']
questions ['Judging by the grill this vehicle was probably made circa what decade?', 'What type of water sport are they doing?', 'What is the street made of?', 'How old does one have to be to partake in this activity?'] predictions ['1920s', 'kitesurfing', 'signs', '18'] gold_answers ["60's", 'ski', 'asphalt', '21']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 281/1262 [01:33<04:57,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 281/1262 [01:33<04:57,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 283/2846529 [01:34<263:25:58,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 283/2846529 [01:34<263:25:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['etsy', 'lilac', 'tile', 'a player in the middle of the court']
questions ['What auction company is accessible only via the item featured in this photo?', 'Name of the white flower in this photo?', 'What type of pattern is shown here?', 'What position is this tennis player in?'] predictions ['etsy', 'lilac', 'tile', 'a player in the middle of the court'] gold_answers ['ebay', 'lily', 'tile', 'ready']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 282/1262 [01:34<05:28,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 282/1262 [01:34<05:28,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 284/2846529 [01:34<263:38:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 284/2846529 [01:34<263:38:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['flew', 'a pancake batter', 'snowboards', 'work on your computer']
questions ['What did the plane just do?', 'What type of batter in pictured?', 'What equipment are they using to ski?', 'What might you do in this room?'] predictions ['flew', 'a pancake batter', 'snowboards', 'work on your computer'] gold_answers ['take off', 'cake batter', 'snowboard', 'work']

Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 283/1262 [01:34<05:09,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 283/1262 [01:34<05:09,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 285/2846529 [01:34<263:28:15,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 285/2846529 [01:34<263:28:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a baseball bat', 'cardinal', 'a few hundred', 'the building is under construction']
questions ['What is this person using in this game?', 'What kind of bird is this?', 'How many calories are in this meal?', 'Why are the electric lights not on currently?'] predictions ['a baseball bat', 'cardinal', 'a few hundred', 'the building is under construction'] gold_answers ['bat', 'cardinal', '400', 'daytime']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 284/1262 [01:34<05:04,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 284/1262 [01:34<05:04,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 286/2846529 [01:35<263:22:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 286/2846529 [01:35<263:22:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brick', 'a parade', 'a skateboard', 'click on the screen']
questions ['What is this building made of?', 'What are these people participating in?', 'What is he riding?', 'How can we change this screen?'] predictions ['brick', 'a parade', 'a skateboard', 'click on the screen'] gold_answers ['brick', 'parade', 'skateboard', 'click']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 285/1262 [01:34<04:52,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 285/1262 [01:34<04:52,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 287/2846529 [01:35<263:12:51,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 287/2846529 [01:35<263:12:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["it's a pizza with olives and peppers", "in the early 1900's", 'you should wear a helmet and wear a helmet', 'in the mountains']
questions ['How healthy is this?', 'When was this object first created?', 'What are some safety precautions to take when riding this vehicle?', 'Where do you think this man could be?'] predictions ["it's a pizza with olives and peppers", "in the early 1900's", 'you should wear a helmet and wear a helmet', 'in the mountains'] gold_answers ['not', '1950', 'wear helmet', 'mountain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 286/1262 [01:35<05:48,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 286/1262 [01:35<05:48,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 288/2846529 [01:36<263:38:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 288/2846529 [01:36<263:38:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['They fell off their snowboard', 'tarmac', 'it is a queen size bed', 'a black and white cow']
questions ['What happened to this person?', 'What type of surface is the plane landing on?', 'How long is this size bed?', 'What breed of cow is in the picture?'] predictions ['They fell off their snowboard', 'tarmac', 'it is a queen size bed', 'a black and white cow'] gold_answers ['fell', 'concrete', '75 inches', 'holstein']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 287/1262 [01:35<05:46,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 287/1262 [01:35<05:46,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 289/2846529 [01:36<263:41:48,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 289/2846529 [01:36<263:41:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a city in the middle of winter', 'giraffe', 'kenmore', 'at night']
questions ['What city was this picture taken in?', 'What is the scientific name of these animals?', 'Which companies make these type of ovens?', 'Approximately what time do you think this photo was taken?'] predictions ['a city in the middle of winter', 'giraffe', 'kenmore', 'at night'] gold_answers ['moscow', 'giraffe', 'ge', '9 pm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 288/1262 [01:36<05:53,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 288/1262 [01:36<05:53,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 290/2846529 [01:36<263:49:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 290/2846529 [01:36<263:49:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a small boat', "a chef's knife", 'a chain of motorcycle bars', 'a black shirt']
questions ['How big is the ship that these people are on?', 'What is the type of knife that was used to cut this bread?', 'What is the chain of bars where these girls most likely work?', 'What kind of shirt is the man on the right wearing?'] predictions ['it is a small boat', "a chef's knife", 'a chain of motorcycle bars', 'a black shirt'] gold_answers ['very big', 'serrated', 'hooter', 'sweatshirt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 289/1262 [01:36<05:42,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 289/1262 [01:36<05:42,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 291/2846529 [01:37<263:48:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 291/2846529 [01:37<263:48:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['egrets', 'it is from the 1980s', 'luggage', 'volkswagen']
questions ['What other birds come to this type of lake?', 'What year is this computer from?', 'What are the people queuing for?', 'What is the brand of this van?'] predictions ['egrets', 'it is from the 1980s', 'luggage', 'volkswagen'] gold_answers ['seagull', '2010', 'luggage', 'volkswagon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 290/1262 [01:36<05:33,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 290/1262 [01:36<05:33,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 292/2846529 [01:37<263:46:32,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 292/2846529 [01:37<263:46:34,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sailboat', 'a longboard', 'to provide electricity', 'a leash']
questions ['What kind of boat is shown here?', 'What type of surfboard is this man using?', 'What are these cables used for?', 'What long strap can be tied to the object around his neck?'] predictions ['a sailboat', 'a longboard', 'to provide electricity', 'a leash'] gold_answers ['sailboat', 'longboard', 'power', 'leash']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 291/1262 [01:37<05:12,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 291/1262 [01:37<05:12,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 293/2846529 [01:37<263:36:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 293/2846529 [01:37<263:36:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sheets', 'the child is a friend', 'it is a sunny day', 'it is unknown']
questions ['What is the name of the item on the beds?', 'How does the child relate to the adult?', 'What time of day is it?', 'How much sugar are in the fruit in this photo?'] predictions ['sheets', 'the child is a friend', 'it is a sunny day', 'it is unknown'] gold_answers ['pillow', 'daughter', 'morn', '19g']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 292/1262 [01:37<05:13,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 292/1262 [01:37<05:13,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 294/2846529 [01:38<263:35:13,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 294/2846529 [01:38<263:35:15,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'a park', 'a living room with a table and chairs', 'young']
questions ['Name the mobile model or brand shown in this picture?', 'What type of neighborhood is this?', 'What is this picture comparing?', 'What age group does the human facing the camera fall into?'] predictions ['no brand', 'a park', 'a living room with a table and chairs', 'young'] gold_answers ['sidekick', 'urban', 'live room', 'toddler']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 293/1262 [01:37<05:44,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 293/1262 [01:37<05:44,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 295/2846529 [01:38<263:51:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 295/2846529 [01:38<263:51:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['savoy', '8 hours', 'hotdog bun, mustard, and relish', 'a wagon']
questions ['What popular restaurant is named for after this dessert?', 'How many hours does this animal sleep?', 'What are the ingredients used for making the dish eaten by the lady?', 'What is the red item the horses are pulling?'] predictions ['savoy', '8 hours', 'hotdog bun, mustard, and relish', 'a wagon'] gold_answers ['cheesecake factory', '12', 'bread', 'carriage']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 294/1262 [01:38<05:51,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 294/1262 [01:38<05:51,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 296/2846529 [01:38<263:58:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 296/2846529 [01:38<263:58:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a shark', 'a) it causes cancer', 'ukulele', 'it is a vintage vehicle']
questions ['What animal attacks persons doing this activity?', "What kind of harmful physiological effects does the depicted appliance have on a consumer's health?", 'What type of instrument is this?', 'How old is this vehicle?'] predictions ['a shark', 'a) it causes cancer', 'ukulele', 'it is a vintage vehicle'] gold_answers ['shark', 'radiation', 'ukelele', '100 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 295/1262 [01:38<05:40,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 295/1262 [01:38<05:40,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 297/2846529 [01:39<263:57:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 297/2846529 [01:39<263:57:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bicycle', 'tools', 'a hat', 'a teddy bear']
questions ['What would you call this device if it only had one wheel?', 'What kind of objects are these?', 'What is this man wearing on his head?', 'This fake represents what kind of real bear?'] predictions ['a bicycle', 'tools', 'a hat', 'a teddy bear'] gold_answers ['unicycle', 'tool', 'cap', 'grizzly']

Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 296/1262 [01:38<05:40,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 296/1262 [01:38<05:40,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 298/2846529 [01:39<264:00:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 298/2846529 [01:39<264:00:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the northeastern united states', 'the mannequin with the hat', 'staged14more', 'informal']
questions ['What areas of the united states would this sport be common in?', 'Which mannequin looks more like a real person?', 'Who staged this room?', 'Would this be considered a formal or informal meal?'] predictions ['the northeastern united states', 'the mannequin with the hat', 'staged14more', 'informal'] gold_answers ['north', 'left', 'staged 4 more', 'informal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 297/1262 [01:39<06:03,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 297/1262 [01:39<06:03,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 299/2846529 [01:39<264:16:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 299/2846529 [01:39<264:16:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a grocery store', 'a pool', 'it is looking at something', 'it is a meat']
questions ['What kind of retail environment would one typically find this in?', 'What type of place is this?', 'What makes this animal raise its head?', 'What type of nutrition does the food on the counter provide?'] predictions ['a grocery store', 'a pool', 'it is looking at something', 'it is a meat'] gold_answers ['grocery store', 'resort', 'noise', 'protein']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 298/1262 [01:39<05:40,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 298/1262 [01:39<05:40,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 300/2846529 [01:40<264:10:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 300/2846529 [01:40<264:10:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is used to store food', 'not a brand', 'it is cloudy', 'greens']
questions ['What is this machine used for?', 'What brand of teddy bear is this?', 'What is the weather like?', 'What kind of veggies is this?'] predictions ['it is used to store food', 'not a brand', 'it is cloudy', 'greens'] gold_answers ['keep food cold', 'gund', 'foggy', 'asparagus']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 299/1262 [01:39<05:31,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 299/1262 [01:39<05:31,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 301/2846529 [01:40<264:08:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 301/2846529 [01:40<264:08:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['on the ground', 'cutting a cake', 'henry bourke', 'a poodle']
questions ['How would the wheels on this vehicle go?', 'What are these people doing?', 'Who invented this mode of transportation?', 'What breed of dog is this?'] predictions ['on the ground', 'cutting a cake', 'henry bourke', 'a poodle'] gold_answers ['engine', 'cut cake', 'blaise pascal', 'labradoodle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 300/1262 [01:40<05:33,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 300/1262 [01:40<05:33,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 302/2846529 [01:40<264:11:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 302/2846529 [01:40<264:11:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bird', 'a couch', 'a cell phone', 'it is a snack']
questions ['What kind of animal does this resemble?', 'What is the furniture item directly to the left of the people?', 'What type of phone is this man using?', 'Is this a meal or snack?'] predictions ['a bird', 'a couch', 'a cell phone', 'it is a snack'] gold_answers ['bird', 'couch', 'landline', 'snack']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 301/1262 [01:40<05:19,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 301/1262 [01:40<05:19,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 303/2846529 [01:41<264:06:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 303/2846529 [01:41<264:06:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a fishing boat', 'green', 'playing video games', 'a bathrobe']
questions ['What kind of boat is this?', 'What color do these lights turn?', 'What activity are they doing?', 'What kind of garment is this person wearing?'] predictions ['a fishing boat', 'green', 'playing video games', 'a bathrobe'] gold_answers ['canoe', 'red green yellow', 'wii', 'robe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 302/1262 [01:40<05:02,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 302/1262 [01:40<05:02,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 304/2846529 [01:41<263:56:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 304/2846529 [01:41<263:56:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a platform', 'in the woods', 'a suv', 'about 12 hours']
questions ['What are the people standing on?', 'Where is the evidence of an ax or hatchet?', 'What kind of car is driving along the beach?', 'How long do these animals stay awake in a day?'] predictions ['a platform', 'in the woods', 'a suv', 'about 12 hours'] gold_answers ['platform', 'log', 'truck', '8 hours']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 303/1262 [01:41<04:49,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 303/1262 [01:41<04:49,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 305/2846529 [01:41<263:47:16,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 305/2846529 [01:41<263:47:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['she has made a cake', 'a flock', 'chicago style pizza', 'the sun']
questions ['What has this woman done?', 'What is a group of these called?', 'What type of pizza is this?', 'What celestial body affects the behavior of this water?'] predictions ['she has made a cake', 'a flock', 'chicago style pizza', 'the sun'] gold_answers ['mixed', 'flock', 'deep dish', 'moon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 304/1262 [01:41<04:56,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 304/1262 [01:41<04:56,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 306/2846529 [01:42<263:45:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 306/2846529 [01:42<263:45:57,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['Thanksgiving', 'to play with a toy', 'a tv with a tv remote', 'a suit']
questions ['What us holiday typically involves cooking one of these?', 'Why might a cat do this?', 'Can you guess the model of tv shown in this picture?', 'What style of dress is that man wearing?'] predictions ['Thanksgiving', 'to play with a toy', 'a tv with a tv remote', 'a suit'] gold_answers ['thanksgiving', 'curious', 'samsung', 'formal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 305/1262 [01:41<05:47,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 305/1262 [01:41<05:47,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 307/2846529 [01:42<264:09:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 307/2846529 [01:42<264:09:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they make a neighing sound', 'donuts', 'a golden retriever', 'a gull']
questions ['What sound do these animals make?', 'What is a type of pastry in the photo?', 'What breed of dog is shown in the picture?', 'Can you name an animal that lives in the same environment as those shown here?'] predictions ['they make a neighing sound', 'donuts', 'a golden retriever', 'a gull'] gold_answers ['neigh', 'donuts', 'labrador', 'duck']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 306/1262 [01:42<06:00,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 306/1262 [01:42<06:00,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 308/2846529 [01:42<264:21:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 308/2846529 [01:42<264:21:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['river', 'plaid', 'listening to music', 'potatoes']
questions ['Is that a lake or a river?', 'What style of weave was used to make that blanket?', 'What activity can be done using the items below the clock?', 'What are the bright pieces of food?'] predictions ['river', 'plaid', 'listening to music', 'potatoes'] gold_answers ['river', 'knit', 'read', 'carrot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 307/1262 [01:42<05:22,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 307/1262 [01:42<05:22,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 309/2846529 [01:43<264:07:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 309/2846529 [01:43<264:07:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['long', 'daytime', 'jak travel', 'a poodle']
questions ['Are the leaves of the plant that produce this yellow fruit long or short?', 'Is it daytime or nighttime?', 'What does jak stand for?', 'An animal born the color of this dog and also having pink eyes could be a what?'] predictions ['long', 'daytime', 'jak travel', 'a poodle'] gold_answers ['long', 'daytime', "company's name", 'albino']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 308/1262 [01:42<05:10,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 308/1262 [01:42<05:10,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 310/2846529 [01:43<264:02:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 310/2846529 [01:43<264:02:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a horse', 'apple butter', '1890s', 'a house with a balcony']
questions ['What is the animal to the left?', 'What is the process called that was used to make this food?', 'What decade is this?', 'What kind of home is this?'] predictions ['a horse', 'apple butter', '1890s', 'a house with a balcony'] gold_answers ['llama', 'puree', '1930', 'apartment']

Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 309/1262 [01:43<05:19,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 309/1262 [01:43<05:19,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 311/2846529 [01:43<264:05:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 311/2846529 [01:43<264:05:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ear tags', 'pickle', 'a fire', 'a mule']
questions ['What is on the ears of the cattle in this photo?', 'What topping is on the food?', 'The red vehicle in the image fights what?', 'What breed of cow is this?'] predictions ['ear tags', 'pickle', 'a fire', 'a mule'] gold_answers ['tag', 'pickle', 'fire', 'bull']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 310/1262 [01:43<05:08,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 310/1262 [01:43<05:08,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 312/2846529 [01:44<264:00:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 312/2846529 [01:44<264:00:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plate', 'ham', 'it is very cold', 'paint']
questions ['What is the dog eating off of?', 'What kind of meats are on this pizza?', 'How cold is it?', 'What media was used to create the tigers face?'] predictions ['a plate', 'ham', 'it is very cold', 'paint'] gold_answers ['plate', 'sausage', 'very cold', 'paint']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 311/1262 [01:43<04:52,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 311/1262 [01:43<04:52,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 313/2846529 [01:44<263:50:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 313/2846529 [01:44<263:50:46,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['their stripes', 'a dress', 'woman', 'in a tent']
questions ['What are these animals famous for?', 'What style of dress is this woman wearing?', 'What is this persons gender?', 'Where is this?'] predictions ['their stripes', 'a dress', 'woman', 'in a tent'] gold_answers ['stripe', 'line', 'female', 'flea market']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 312/1262 [01:44<04:41,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 312/1262 [01:44<04:41,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 314/2846529 [01:44<263:41:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 314/2846529 [01:44<263:41:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a picnic', 'during an air show', 'a cake with a slice of cake on it', 'a tassel']
questions ['What event might this be?', 'When would you see this?', 'What kind of cake is on the plate?', 'What type of knot is shown here?'] predictions ['a picnic', 'during an air show', 'a cake with a slice of cake on it', 'a tassel'] gold_answers ['family reunion', 'air show', 'cheesecake', 'windsor']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 313/1262 [01:44<05:28,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 313/1262 [01:44<05:28,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 315/2846529 [01:45<264:00:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 315/2846529 [01:45<264:00:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['hotel bathroom', 'lilies', 'a gas burner', 'a tabby']
questions ['Home bathroom or hotel bathroom?', 'What genus of flower is placed inside the vase?', 'What source of heat is the pot using?', 'What is the breed of the cat in this picture?'] predictions ['hotel bathroom', 'lilies', 'a gas burner', 'a tabby'] gold_answers ['home', 'tulip', 'gas', 'domestic shorthair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 314/1262 [01:44<05:07,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 314/1262 [01:44<05:07,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 316/2846529 [01:45<263:51:13,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 316/2846529 [01:45<263:51:14,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a television', '19th century', 'it is cold', 'a poodle']
questions ['What kind of monitor is shown?', 'What century is this?', 'What is the outside temperature?', 'What breed of dog is this?'] predictions ['a television', '19th century', 'it is cold', 'a poodle'] gold_answers ['crt', '19th', '70', 'sheepdog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 315/1262 [01:45<04:59,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 315/1262 [01:45<04:59,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 317/2846529 [01:45<263:45:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 317/2846529 [01:45<263:45:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plate of food', 'a cheetah', 'wood', 'catcher']
questions ["What's her side dish?", 'Which feline has a pelt similar to this animals but with smaller detailing?', 'What is the chair made of?', 'What position is this person playing?'] predictions ['a plate of food', 'a cheetah', 'wood', 'catcher'] gold_answers ['salad', 'leopard', 'fabric', 'shortstop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 316/1262 [01:45<05:16,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 316/1262 [01:45<05:16,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 318/2846529 [01:46<263:52:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 318/2846529 [01:46<263:52:42,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['window', 'air force', 'chairs', 'they are playing with each other']
questions ['What is the pane of glass in the wall called?', 'What branch of the army is depicted here?', 'What pieces of furniture critical to comfortable meal consumption are missing in this photo?', 'What does the body language of these two dogs show?'] predictions ['window', 'air force', 'chairs', 'they are playing with each other'] gold_answers ['window', 'airforce', 'table', 'playful']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 317/1262 [01:45<05:13,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 317/1262 [01:45<05:13,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 319/2846529 [01:46<263:51:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 319/2846529 [01:46<263:51:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is a young boy', 'safe', 'squaw valley', 'olives']
questions ["How old is the branch of the military mentioned on the boy's shirt?", 'Is this man safe or unsafe?', 'Where is a popular destination for this activity?', 'What is the black objects on the salad called?'] predictions ['he is a young boy', 'safe', 'squaw valley', 'olives'] gold_answers ['200 years', 'unsafe', 'aspen', 'olives']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 318/1262 [01:46<05:19,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 318/1262 [01:46<05:19,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 320/2846529 [01:46<263:54:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 320/2846529 [01:46<263:54:13,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to sit on', 'hay', 'horseback riding', 'it can jump high enough to catch a frisbee']
questions ['What is the purpose of the bench?', 'What does this animal eat?', 'Ralph lauren famously depicts what sport which requires riding the animal depicted in this picture?', 'How high can this animal jump?'] predictions ['to sit on', 'hay', 'horseback riding', 'it can jump high enough to catch a frisbee'] gold_answers ['sit', 'vegetation', 'polo', '3 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 319/1262 [01:46<06:10,  2.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 319/1262 [01:46<06:10,  2.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 321/2846529 [01:47<264:21:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 321/2846529 [01:47<264:21:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not mentioned', 'a twin bed', 'a doberman pinscher', 'the street is a one way street']
questions ['What is the brand of the hair dryer?', 'What is the size of bed this child is sitting on?', 'What kind of dog is that?', 'What does the white sign with the arrow mean?'] predictions ['not mentioned', 'a twin bed', 'a doberman pinscher', 'the street is a one way street'] gold_answers ['conair', 'twin', 'doberman', 'no left turn']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 320/1262 [01:47<06:06,  2.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 320/1262 [01:47<06:06,  2.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 322/2846529 [01:47<264:28:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 322/2846529 [01:47<264:28:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['batman', 'cement', 'flowers', 'their engagement']
questions ['What superhero donut is pictured?', 'What are these bricks stuck together with?', 'What kind of plant is seen in this picture?', 'What are the two people celebrating?'] predictions ['batman', 'cement', 'flowers', 'their engagement'] gold_answers ['batman', 'mortar', 'rose', 'engagement']

Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 321/1262 [01:47<05:17,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 321/1262 [01:47<05:17,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 323/2846529 [01:47<264:11:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 323/2846529 [01:47<264:11:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pizza place', 'it was made by a child', 'closer', 'you are going to worship']
questions ['What kind of restaurant might this be?', 'Who built this snowman?', 'How much closer *are* objects in the side mirrors?', 'Are you going to worship or eat dinner in this building?'] predictions ['a pizza place', 'it was made by a child', 'closer', 'you are going to worship'] gold_answers ['donut shop', 'child', 'than they appear', 'worship']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 322/1262 [01:47<05:21,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 322/1262 [01:47<05:21,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 324/2846529 [01:48<264:13:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 324/2846529 [01:48<264:13:59,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['east asia', 'scottish terrier', 'pudding', 'grapes']
questions ['What continent has this style of arch?', 'Name the bread of these dogs shown in this picture?', 'What kind of food is this?', 'What fruit is used to make the beverage pictured?'] predictions ['east asia', 'scottish terrier', 'pudding', 'grapes'] gold_answers ['asia', 'poodle', 'dessert', 'grape']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 323/1262 [01:48<05:24,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 323/1262 [01:48<05:24,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 325/2846529 [01:48<264:16:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 325/2846529 [01:48<264:16:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['give a cake to a man', 'sateen', 'it takes about an hour', 'four']
questions ['What is this woman about to do?', 'Which type of cotton is used for making the pillow shown in this photo?', 'How long does it take to cook?', 'How many players form a team in this sport?'] predictions ['give a cake to a man', 'sateen', 'it takes about an hour', 'four'] gold_answers ['blow out candle', 'egyptian', '45 minutes', '11']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 324/1262 [01:48<05:33,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 324/1262 [01:48<05:33,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 326/2846529 [01:49<264:23:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 326/2846529 [01:49<264:23:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mustard', 'a train station', 'calf', 'a boutonniere']
questions ['What is a red condiment commonly placed in the food in the image?', 'What sort of infrastructure is required to support this method of transportation?', 'What is a baby cow called?', 'What is the flower attacked to the jacket called?'] predictions ['mustard', 'a train station', 'calf', 'a boutonniere'] gold_answers ['ketchup', 'rail', 'calf', 'rose']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 325/1262 [01:48<05:17,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 325/1262 [01:48<05:17,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 327/2846529 [01:49<264:18:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 327/2846529 [01:49<264:18:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['at a bed and bath store', 'You can turn it on by using a switch', 'they may be unable to see', 'a few hundred']
questions ['Where can i buy this bedding?', 'How are you able to turn on the equipment that is located at the top of the image?', 'What sensory problems can animals of this color have?', 'How many calories are typically in this type of food?'] predictions ['at a bed and bath store', 'You can turn it on by using a switch', 'they may be unable to see', 'a few hundred'] gold_answers ['target', 'knob', 'vision', '131']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 326/1262 [01:49<05:45,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 326/1262 [01:49<05:45,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 328/2846529 [01:49<264:33:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 328/2846529 [01:49<264:33:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['women', 'a kite', 'olympic athletes', 'plaid']
questions ['Which of the sexes is more likely to carry these items?', 'What is he holding on?', 'What famous athletes ride the vehicle seen here professionally?', 'What is the design of this blanket called?'] predictions ['women', 'a kite', 'olympic athletes', 'plaid'] gold_answers ['women', 'kite', 'lance armstrong', 'plaid']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 327/1262 [01:49<05:32,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 327/1262 [01:49<05:32,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 329/2846529 [01:50<264:31:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 329/2846529 [01:50<264:31:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['purple', 'kite flying', 'gerbera', 'pink']
questions ['What type of flowers are pictured?', 'What sport is this?', 'What kind of flower is this?', 'What kind of flowers are these?'] predictions ['purple', 'kite flying', 'gerbera', 'pink'] gold_answers ['lilac', 'kite fly', 'daffodil', 'rose']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 328/1262 [01:49<05:08,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 328/1262 [01:49<05:08,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 330/2846529 [01:50<264:22:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 330/2846529 [01:50<264:22:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a ball', 'scotland', 'white', 'the sun']
questions ['What is this dog running after?', 'In which country do you typically find these animals from?', 'What style of tiles are those on the wall?', 'What star is in this picture?'] predictions ['a ball', 'scotland', 'white', 'the sun'] gold_answers ['ball', 'new zealand', 'subway', 'sun']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 329/1262 [01:50<04:57,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 329/1262 [01:50<04:57,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 331/2846529 [01:50<264:16:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 331/2846529 [01:50<264:16:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tango', 'a cargo train', 'about 500', 'in the chair']
questions ['What types of dancing might incorporate leaps such as the one this man is performing?', 'What is this train hauling?', 'How many calories can you burn by playing this type of sport for an hour?', 'Where could you sit?'] predictions ['tango', 'a cargo train', 'about 500', 'in the chair'] gold_answers ['ballet', 'cargo', '1500', 'chair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 330/1262 [01:50<04:44,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 330/1262 [01:50<04:44,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 332/2846529 [01:50<264:07:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 332/2846529 [01:50<264:07:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brown', 'a kite flying in the air', 'brown bear', 'a wedding']
questions ['What are the breeds of the horses shown?', 'What kinds of kites are those?', 'This bear is what kind of bear?', 'What type of event might the couple be preparing for?'] predictions ['brown', 'a kite flying in the air', 'brown bear', 'a wedding'] gold_answers ['thoroughbred', 'windsurf kite', 'grizzly', 'prom']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 331/1262 [01:50<05:07,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 331/1262 [01:50<05:07,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 333/2846529 [01:51<264:15:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 333/2846529 [01:51<264:15:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a license', 'cools down drinks', 'apocalypse now', 'cut a banana']
questions ['What is needed to drive this vehicle?', 'What does this device generally do?', 'What movie is referenced by the figure to the right of the laptop?', 'He is pretending to do what?'] predictions ['a license', 'cools down drinks', 'apocalypse now', 'cut a banana'] gold_answers ['gas', 'refrigerate', 'ghostbusters', 'hold gun to head']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 332/1262 [01:51<05:28,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 332/1262 [01:51<05:28,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 334/2846529 [01:51<264:25:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 334/2846529 [01:51<264:25:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["st. john's", 'a cell phone', 'ketchup', 'a donkey']
questions ['Can you guess the place name where the snow is seen?', 'What type of technological device is this?', 'What is the red condiment made of?', 'Is that a donkey or a pony?'] predictions ["st. john's", 'a cell phone', 'ketchup', 'a donkey'] gold_answers ['aspen', 'phone', 'tomato', 'donkey']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 333/1262 [01:51<05:34,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 333/1262 [01:51<05:34,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 335/2846529 [01:52<264:32:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 335/2846529 [01:52<264:32:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the mountains', 'giraffes', 'white', 'checkerboard']
questions ['Where will you find such in our country?', 'What species of giraffe are pictured here?', 'What type of bathtub is this?', 'What is the name of the floor pattern?'] predictions ['in the mountains', 'giraffes', 'white', 'checkerboard'] gold_answers ['coast', 'southern', 'freestanding', 'checkered']

Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 334/1262 [01:51<05:16,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 334/1262 [01:51<05:16,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 336/2846529 [01:52<264:26:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 336/2846529 [01:52<264:26:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['blue', 'a large number', 'a bandana', 'english']
questions ['What brand of shirt is this man wearing?', 'How many people fit in this type of vehicle?', 'What does this man have on his head?', 'What language is the text in this picture written in?'] predictions ['blue', 'a large number', 'a bandana', 'english'] gold_answers ['ralph lauren', '250', 'bandana', 'english']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 335/1262 [01:52<05:04,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 335/1262 [01:52<05:04,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 337/2846529 [01:52<264:21:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 337/2846529 [01:52<264:21:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a fried tortilla', 'floral', 'maple', "the st. john's bridge"]
questions ['How is this side dish made?', 'What is the pattern of that wallpaper called?', 'What leaf is in this logo?', 'What is the name of the bridge the cars are on?'] predictions ['it is a fried tortilla', 'floral', 'maple', "the st. john's bridge"] gold_answers ['fried', 'floral', 'maple', 'bridge']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 336/1262 [01:52<05:33,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 336/1262 [01:52<05:33,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 338/2846529 [01:53<264:35:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 338/2846529 [01:53<264:35:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a grey horse', 'bagel', 'meat, vegetables, and spices', 'in a pot']
questions ['What breed of horse is that?', 'What type of bread was used for this sandwich?', 'What are the ingredients used to prepare the dish the man is having in his hand?', 'How are the carrots cook?'] predictions ['a grey horse', 'bagel', 'meat, vegetables, and spices', 'in a pot'] gold_answers ['stallion', 'bagel', 'tomato', 'boiled']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 337/1262 [01:52<05:25,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 337/1262 [01:52<05:25,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 339/2846529 [01:53<264:34:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 339/2846529 [01:53<264:34:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fire hydrants', 'flatbread', 'zebra', 'san francisco']
questions ['Animals like to urinate on these?', 'What type od bread is this meal made from?', 'What mammalian genus do the animals in this picture belong to?', 'In what american city was this company founded?'] predictions ['fire hydrants', 'flatbread', 'zebra', 'san francisco'] gold_answers ['fire hydrant', 'tortilla', 'equine', 'chicago']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 338/1262 [01:53<05:17,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 338/1262 [01:53<05:17,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 340/2846529 [01:53<264:33:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 340/2846529 [01:53<264:33:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['plastic', 'afro', 'to haul a large load', 'polar bear']
questions ['What are the bags made of?', 'What hair style does the child have?', 'What is this used for?', 'What type of bear is this?'] predictions ['plastic', 'afro', 'to haul a large load', 'polar bear'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'short', 'haul', 'polar']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 339/1262 [01:53<05:12,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 339/1262 [01:53<05:12,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 341/2846529 [01:54<264:32:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 341/2846529 [01:54<264:32:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sun', 'it is a classroom', 'a bus stop', 'mozzarella']
questions ['Is it a moon or a star?', 'What is this room used for?', 'What are they advertising on the bus?', 'What type of cheese is usually on top?'] predictions ['a sun', 'it is a classroom', 'a bus stop', 'mozzarella'] gold_answers ['star', 'teach', 'guitar hero iii', 'mozzarella']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 340/1262 [01:53<05:00,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 340/1262 [01:53<05:00,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 342/2846529 [01:54<264:27:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 342/2846529 [01:54<264:27:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a field', 'low tides', 'seagulls', 'the st. johns bridge']
questions ['Where would you find these animals?', 'Should beginners surf on hide tides or low tides?', 'Name the type of birds shown in this picture?', 'Which bridge is this?'] predictions ['in a field', 'low tides', 'seagulls', 'the st. johns bridge'] gold_answers ['pond', 'low', 'seagull', 'london bridge']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 341/1262 [01:54<05:22,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 341/1262 [01:54<05:22,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 343/2846529 [01:54<264:37:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 343/2846529 [01:54<264:37:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['german', 'dumping dirt', 'santa claus', 'cloned sheep']
questions ['What language is represented on the side of the train in this picture?', 'What does this truck appear to be doing out in the open field?', 'What god is supposedly the same animal as these towels?', 'What was the name of the first cloned version of the animal in this picture?'] predictions ['german', 'dumping dirt', 'santa claus', 'cloned sheep'] gold_answers ['german', 'dump dirt', 'ganesha', 'dolly']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 342/1262 [01:54<05:23,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 342/1262 [01:54<05:23,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 344/2846529 [01:55<264:40:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 344/2846529 [01:55<264:40:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['saturday', 'venus safina', 'cleats', 'a park bench']
questions ['What day of the week is busiest for a place like the one pictured?', 'Who is a famous female athlete of this sport?', 'What are the shoes called on these players?', 'What type of bench is this?'] predictions ['saturday', 'venus safina', 'cleats', 'a park bench'] gold_answers ['sunday', 'serena williams', 'cleat', 'park bench']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 343/1262 [01:54<05:30,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 343/1262 [01:54<05:30,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 345/2846529 [01:55<264:46:14,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 345/2846529 [01:55<264:46:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the world record is a hot dog eaten in one bite', 'herders', 'blowing it out', 'red']
questions ['What is the current record for eating this type of food?', 'What are the people who guard these animals called?', 'How did the man extinguish one of the candles?', 'What type of light is displayed by the sign?'] predictions ['the world record is a hot dog eaten in one bite', 'herders', 'blowing it out', 'red'] gold_answers ['69', 'shepherd', 'blow', 'green']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 344/1262 [01:55<06:06,  2.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 344/1262 [01:55<06:06,  2.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 346/2846529 [01:56<265:07:32,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 346/2846529 [01:56<265:07:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to the airport', 'july', 'a convenience store', 'transparent glass']
questions ['Where are these going?', 'What is the breeding month of this bird?', 'What kind of corner store is across the street?', 'Which type of glass is used for making the bathroom doors shown in this photo?'] predictions ['to the airport', 'july', 'a convenience store', 'transparent glass'] gold_answers ['vacation', 'march', 'bodega', 'tempered']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 345/1262 [01:55<05:30,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 345/1262 [01:55<05:30,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 347/2846529 [01:56<264:58:31,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 347/2846529 [01:56<264:58:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['teddy bear', 'you sleep', 'a baseball bat', 'stone']
questions ['What is the name of the stuffed animal in this picture?', 'What do you do in this room?', 'The man in the photo is using what to hit the ball?', 'What is the style of brick on the wall?'] predictions ['teddy bear', 'you sleep', 'a baseball bat', 'stone'] gold_answers ['care bear', 'sleep', 'bat', 'stone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 346/1262 [01:55<05:13,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 346/1262 [01:55<05:13,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 348/2846529 [01:56<264:53:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 348/2846529 [01:56<264:53:54,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['turn the screen off', 'a sandwhich', 'laptops', 'pork']
questions ['What can i do to change the screen?', 'What is this sandwich called on the east coast of the us?', 'What other types of portable objects are made from the material of the tray under the food?', 'Is the bacon made from turkey or pork?'] predictions ['turn the screen off', 'a sandwhich', 'laptops', 'pork'] gold_answers ['use remote', 'sub', 'bowl', 'pork']

Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 347/1262 [01:56<05:08,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 347/1262 [01:56<05:08,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 349/2846529 [01:56<264:52:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 349/2846529 [01:56<264:52:29,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'lab', 'toaster oven', 'a gull']
questions ['How much thrust can that engine produce?', 'What type of breed is this dog?', 'What kind of oven is this?', 'What type of breed are the birds in the photo?'] predictions ['a lot', 'lab', 'toaster oven', 'a gull'] gold_answers ['lot', 'labrador', 'convection', 'duck']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 348/1262 [01:56<04:58,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 348/1262 [01:56<04:58,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 350/2846529 [01:57<264:47:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 350/2846529 [01:57<264:47:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carousel', 'a lake', 'parrot', 'surfer']
questions ['What type of carnival ride is this?', 'What part of water body could this be?', 'What kind of bird is this?', 'What is the profession of the person?'] predictions ['carousel', 'a lake', 'parrot', 'surfer'] gold_answers ['firetruck ride', 'bay', 'parrot', 'surfer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 349/1262 [01:56<04:42,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 349/1262 [01:56<04:42,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 351/2846529 [01:57<264:38:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 351/2846529 [01:57<264:38:59,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['organic', 'finches', 'You can make it by putting sugar on the doughnuts and dipping them in ', 'the star of st. patrick']
questions ['Is the material shown in the photo organic or inorganic?', 'Name the bird family to which it belongs to shown in this picture?', 'How do you make this food?', 'What does the star symbol on this uniform represent?'] predictions ['organic', 'finches', 'You can make it by putting sugar on the doughnuts and dipping them in ', 'the star of st. patrick'] gold_answers ['organic', 'finch', 'fry', 'sheriff']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 350/1262 [01:57<06:15,  2.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 350/1262 [01:57<06:15,  2.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 352/2846529 [01:58<265:21:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 352/2846529 [01:58<265:21:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about a minute', 'a ticket', 'predators', 'a fiat']
questions ['How long does it take to fry the food item shown?', 'What is the man checking for from the passengers when they enter?', 'Sparrows need to hide to avoid being eaten by what?', 'Which brand of car is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['about a minute', 'a ticket', 'predators', 'a fiat'] gold_answers ['3 minutes', 'ticket', 'hawk', 'station wagon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 351/1262 [01:57<05:36,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 351/1262 [01:57<05:36,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 353/2846529 [01:58<265:12:59,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 353/2846529 [01:58<265:13:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chain link fence', 'a baseball', 'a dog', 'bob']
questions ['What type of fence is used to enclose here?', 'How big is the ball used in this sport?', 'What is sticking out of the window?', 'What kind of hairstyle does this woman have that was popular in the 1920s?'] predictions ['chain link fence', 'a baseball', 'a dog', 'bob'] gold_answers ['chainlink', '9.25 inches', 'trunk', 'bob']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 352/1262 [01:58<05:02,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 352/1262 [01:58<05:02,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 354/2846529 [01:58<265:00:49,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 354/2846529 [01:58<265:00:50,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['surfboards', 'taking a selfie', 'it is a street sign', 'star wars']
questions ['What is the name of the equipment these people are using?', 'What is it called when someone does what this man is doing?', 'What does this sign mean?', 'What movie is the popular charecter from?'] predictions ['surfboards', 'taking a selfie', 'it is a street sign', 'star wars'] gold_answers ['surfboard', 'photography', 'street', 'star war']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 353/1262 [01:58<05:00,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 353/1262 [01:58<05:00,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 355/2846529 [01:58<264:59:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 355/2846529 [01:58<264:59:29,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a show', 'snowing', 'to take pictures', 'clear']
questions ['What are these animals participating in?', 'Is it snowing or raing?', 'Why do they have a light?', 'What type of day is it?'] predictions ['a show', 'snowing', 'to take pictures', 'clear'] gold_answers ['rodeo', 'snow', 'photograph', 'sunny']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 354/1262 [01:58<04:36,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 354/1262 [01:58<04:36,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 356/2846529 [01:59<264:47:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 356/2846529 [01:59<264:47:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a fast food restaurant', 'hands', 'pilot', 'hanging towels']
questions ['Why type of restaurant would serve this food?', 'What human limbs are illegal to use in this sport?', 'What is the profession of the person controlling the object shown?', 'What is the rod on the wall used for?'] predictions ['a fast food restaurant', 'hands', 'pilot', 'hanging towels'] gold_answers ['diner', 'hand', 'pilot', 'shower curtain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 355/1262 [01:58<04:34,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 355/1262 [01:58<04:34,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 357/2846529 [01:59<264:42:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 357/2846529 [01:59<264:42:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catcher', 'the wing', 'their ability to walk on water', 'sprite']
questions ['What is the name of the position of the man in black?', 'What part of this mechanism reacts with the air to create lift and drag?', 'What are the animals featured here best known for?', 'What brand soda is on the desk?'] predictions ['catcher', 'the wing', 'their ability to walk on water', 'sprite'] gold_answers ['umpire', 'wing', 'ivory', 'coke']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 356/1262 [01:59<04:41,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 356/1262 [01:59<04:41,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 358/2846529 [01:59<264:41:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 358/2846529 [01:59<264:41:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the bus is a medical bus', 'a laptop', 'high chair', 'arugula']
questions ['What do the words on the front indicate?', 'What electronic devices are pictured here?', 'What is the name of the mechanism that the baby is sitting in?', 'What kind of plant is on this dish?'] predictions ['the bus is a medical bus', 'a laptop', 'high chair', 'arugula'] gold_answers ['destination', 'laptop', 'chair', 'spinach']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 357/1262 [01:59<04:52,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 357/1262 [01:59<04:52,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 359/2846529 [02:00<264:44:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 359/2846529 [02:00<264:44:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the military', 'john f. kennedy', 'newspapers', 'the man']
questions ['Which uniformed person drive these vehicles?', 'What author coined the phrase featuring this item and the word republic?', 'What does the blue container sell?', 'Which noun in the picture is the tallest?'] predictions ['the military', 'john f. kennedy', 'newspapers', 'the man'] gold_answers ['soldier', 'william sydney porter', 'newspaper', 'door']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 358/1262 [02:00<05:22,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 358/1262 [02:00<05:22,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 360/2846529 [02:00<264:57:20,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 360/2846529 [02:00<264:57:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['harry potter', 'natural', 'a tree with no leaves', 'aeolicus']
questions ['What other movie franchises has lego made playsets based on?', 'Is the blue wool natural to the sheep or added by the farmer?', 'What kind of tree is in this photo?', 'What is the scientific name of this insect?'] predictions ['harry potter', 'natural', 'a tree with no leaves', 'aeolicus'] gold_answers ['star war', 'added', 'willow', 'butterfly']

Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 359/1262 [02:00<05:13,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 359/1262 [02:00<05:13,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 361/2846529 [02:00<264:56:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 361/2846529 [02:00<264:56:10,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['street signs', 'drying your face', 'a million', 'harley davidson']
questions ['What kind of signs are these?', "What's the smaller towel used for?", 'How many visitors arrive at the location shown on an average weekend?', 'What company is a famous manufacturer of these?'] predictions ['street signs', 'drying your face', 'a million', 'harley davidson'] gold_answers ['street', 'hand', '5000', 'harley davidson']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 360/1262 [02:00<05:07,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 360/1262 [02:00<05:07,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 362/2846529 [02:01<264:54:55,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 362/2846529 [02:01<264:54:56,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['public', 'plaid', 'crow', 'a surfboard']
questions ['Is this a private or public room?', 'What is the design on this blanket referred to as?', 'What kind of bird is that?', 'What is he riding on?'] predictions ['public', 'plaid', 'crow', 'a surfboard'] gold_answers ['public', 'plaid', 'parrot', 'surfboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 361/1262 [02:00<04:47,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 361/1262 [02:00<04:47,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 363/2846529 [02:01<264:46:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 363/2846529 [02:01<264:46:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['someone who owns a watch', 'American', 'clock tower', 'wetsuit']
questions ['Who owns these three things?', 'What nationality of food is she eating?', 'What kind of tower is this?', 'What is the name of the clothes the man is wearing?'] predictions ['someone who owns a watch', 'American', 'clock tower', 'wetsuit'] gold_answers ['man', 'mexican', 'clock tower', 'wetsuit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 362/1262 [02:01<04:56,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 362/1262 [02:01<04:56,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 364/2846529 [02:01<264:48:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 364/2846529 [02:01<264:48:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['horse race', 'clothes', 'a saw', 'a salad']
questions ['What event are these ladies attending?', 'What might be a common item to pack in this wheeled object?', 'What tools are needed to build this type of seating?', 'What is the green item with seeds on the plate?'] predictions ['horse race', 'clothes', 'a saw', 'a salad'] gold_answers ['horse race', 'cloth', 'saw', 'pickle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 363/1262 [02:01<04:32,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 363/1262 [02:01<04:32,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 365/2846529 [02:02<264:36:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 365/2846529 [02:02<264:36:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['square', 'hot dog', 'a body of water', 'a saddle']
questions ['What shape is this pizza?', 'What type of dish is this?', 'What is a water source called in this environment?', 'What does this child sit on to ride this animal?'] predictions ['square', 'hot dog', 'a body of water', 'a saddle'] gold_answers ['square', 'sandwich', 'oasis', 'saddle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 364/1262 [02:01<04:31,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 364/1262 [02:01<04:31,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 366/2846529 [02:02<264:32:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 366/2846529 [02:02<264:32:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pheasant', 'a walk in shower', 'the cockpit', 'computer']
questions ['What type of bird does this look like?', 'What is the style of this shower called?', 'What is the drivers seat of this vehicle be called?', 'What are these objects for?'] predictions ['a pheasant', 'a walk in shower', 'the cockpit', 'computer'] gold_answers ['chicken', 'stand', 'cockpit', 'computer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 365/1262 [02:02<04:52,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 365/1262 [02:02<04:52,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 367/2846529 [02:02<264:38:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 367/2846529 [02:02<264:38:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to cover the windows', 'black pants', 'rainy', 'to target a specific target']
questions ['What is the fabric in the windows used for?', 'What type of pants is the woman wearing?', 'What is the weather in this photo?', 'What is aim made for?'] predictions ['to cover the windows', 'black pants', 'rainy', 'to target a specific target'] gold_answers ['curtain', 'capris', 'rain', 'toothpaste']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 366/1262 [02:02<04:52,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 366/1262 [02:02<04:52,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 368/2846529 [02:03<264:37:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 368/2846529 [02:03<264:37:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a television', 'suzuki', '1 lb', 'birds']
questions ['What objects are usually in this room?', 'What company makes the white car?', 'In this photo provide the average weight of this type of bird when they are fully grown?', 'What kind of birds are these?'] predictions ['a television', 'suzuki', '1 lb', 'birds'] gold_answers ['couch', 'toyota', '1 lb', 'sparrow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 367/1262 [02:02<04:52,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 367/1262 [02:02<04:52,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 369/2846529 [02:03<264:36:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 369/2846529 [02:03<264:36:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bronze', 'square', 'lemon', 'a video game']
questions ['What material is the fountain made of?', 'What shape are these pizzas?', 'What flavour of cake is this?', 'What are they looking at?'] predictions ['bronze', 'square', 'lemon', 'a video game'] gold_answers ['concrete', 'rectangle', 'vanilla', 'tv']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 368/1262 [02:03<04:36,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 368/1262 [02:03<04:36,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 370/2846529 [02:03<264:27:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 370/2846529 [02:03<264:27:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john mcculloch', 'won', 'it is very heavy', 'california']
questions ['Who holds the fastest record in this sport?', 'Do you think this person has won or lost a game?', 'How heavy is this machine?', 'What state are these citrus fruits native to?'] predictions ['john mcculloch', 'won', 'it is very heavy', 'california'] gold_answers ['bill warner', 'won', '10 tons', 'florida']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 369/1262 [02:03<04:47,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 369/1262 [02:03<04:47,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 371/2846529 [02:04<264:29:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 371/2846529 [02:04<264:29:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['She is holding a fork', 'fence', 'the floor is made of wood', 'to be escorted to the police station']
questions ['How does the lady can eat the cake?', 'What is the brown wooden thing called?', 'How come we know this is the ground floor?', 'What are they waiting for?'] predictions ['She is holding a fork', 'fence', 'the floor is made of wood', 'to be escorted to the police station'] gold_answers ['with fork', 'fence', 'window', 'parade']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 370/1262 [02:03<05:17,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 370/1262 [02:03<05:17,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 372/2846529 [02:04<264:42:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 372/2846529 [02:04<264:42:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lifeguard', 'a garnish of sliced carrots and broccoli', 'islam', 'earthquake']
questions ['To whom does that board belong?', 'What sort of garnish should be added to this dish to make it more appetizing?', 'This boy is celebrating his birthday which is not celebrated by people of what religion?', 'What devastating phenomenon could be triggered by noise and and activities of persons engaged in this activity?'] predictions ['lifeguard', 'a garnish of sliced carrots and broccoli', 'islam', 'earthquake'] gold_answers ['lifeguard', 'parsley', "jehovah's wit", 'avalanche']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 371/1262 [02:04<05:38,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 371/1262 [02:04<05:38,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 373/2846529 [02:04<264:55:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 373/2846529 [02:04<264:55:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a hat', 'garage', 'she is pregnant', 'tattoo']
questions ['What piece of apparel holds a tiny version of the item on the pole?', 'What type of door is raised is this photo?', 'Why is this woman in bed?', 'What is the colorful design refered to on this womans leg?'] predictions ['a hat', 'garage', 'she is pregnant', 'tattoo'] gold_answers ['watch', 'garage', 'sick', 'tattoo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 372/1262 [02:04<05:09,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 372/1262 [02:04<05:09,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 374/2846529 [02:05<264:47:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 374/2846529 [02:05<264:47:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a small town', 'a towel', 'airline crew', 'bus driver']
questions ['In what town is that boy skate boarding?', 'What is hanging on the wall?', 'What is the name of the people who work in this environment?', 'What is the title of the man behind the wheel?'] predictions ['a small town', 'a towel', 'airline crew', 'bus driver'] gold_answers ['los angeles', 'toilet paper', 'flight attend', 'bus driver']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 373/1262 [02:04<04:48,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 373/1262 [02:04<04:48,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 375/2846529 [02:05<264:39:34,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 375/2846529 [02:05<264:39:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is tired', 'king size', 'horseback riding', 'sugar, flour, eggs, butter, and cream']
questions ['Why is the man asleep on the bench?', 'What size bed is this?', 'What sport might this animal be used for?', 'What ingrediants are in this food?'] predictions ['he is tired', 'king size', 'horseback riding', 'sugar, flour, eggs, butter, and cream'] gold_answers ['homeless', 'king', 'race', 'sugar']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 374/1262 [02:05<05:17,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 374/1262 [02:05<05:17,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 376/2846529 [02:05<264:51:58,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 376/2846529 [02:05<264:51:59,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bull', 'lions', 'It is a surfboard', 'they are very tall']
questions ['What is the male of this animal called?', 'What is a common predator of the animal seen here?', 'How does item this work?', 'How tall are these mountains?'] predictions ['bull', 'lions', 'It is a surfboard', 'they are very tall'] gold_answers ['bull', 'lion', 'hydraulic', '15000 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 375/1262 [02:05<05:08,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 375/1262 [02:05<05:08,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 377/2846529 [02:06<264:50:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 377/2846529 [02:06<264:50:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wallpaper', 'luggage', 'acacia', 'the street is a one way street']
questions ['What type of wall is in this part of the house?', 'What is the item the man is resting on used for?', 'What types of food does this breed of elephant consume?', 'Can you tell me what the symbol in the board indicates?'] predictions ['wallpaper', 'luggage', 'acacia', 'the street is a one way street'] gold_answers ['wallpaper', 'luggage', 'plant', 'street name']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 376/1262 [02:06<05:17,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 376/1262 [02:06<05:17,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 378/2846529 [02:06<264:56:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 378/2846529 [02:06<264:56:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a construction worker', 'a cat', 'brushing it', 'a parrot']
questions ['What is the title of the individual in the photo?', 'What kind of cat is that?', "What is the boy doing to the girl's hair?", 'What species of bird is this?'] predictions ['a construction worker', 'a cat', 'brushing it', 'a parrot'] gold_answers ['flagger', 'domestic', 'brush it', 'parrot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 377/1262 [02:06<04:53,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 377/1262 [02:06<04:53,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 379/2846529 [02:06<264:48:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 379/2846529 [02:06<264:48:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a church', 'you sit and watch tv', 'grazing', 'street sign']
questions ['What church is this?', 'What do you do in this room?', "What is this animal doing with it's head down?", 'What type of sign is this?'] predictions ['a church', 'you sit and watch tv', 'grazing', 'street sign'] gold_answers ['catholic', 'watch tv', 'graze', 'street']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 378/1262 [02:06<04:59,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 378/1262 [02:06<04:59,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 380/2846529 [02:07<264:50:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 380/2846529 [02:07<264:50:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john mcginnis', 'spokes', 'bench', 'in a city']
questions ['Who is a famous for this sport?', 'The wire filaments inside the rubber wheel are called what?', 'Is it a table or a bench?', 'Where in the world could you ride on a boat such as this?'] predictions ['john mcginnis', 'spokes', 'bench', 'in a city'] gold_answers ['tony hawk', 'spoke', 'bench', 'venice']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 379/1262 [02:07<05:17,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 379/1262 [02:07<05:17,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 381/2846529 [02:07<265:00:01,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 381/2846529 [02:07<265:00:02,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['metal', 'a swan', 'no', 'they are skateboarders']
questions ['What media is this horse made from?', 'In the nursery rhyme the duckling is what?', 'Where can i buy clothes similar to hers online?', 'What group do these boys belong to?'] predictions ['metal', 'a swan', 'no', 'they are skateboarders'] gold_answers ['metal', 'ugly', 'amazon', 'skater']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 380/1262 [02:07<05:00,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 380/1262 [02:07<05:00,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 382/2846529 [02:08<264:55:25,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 382/2846529 [02:08<264:55:25,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carrots and cabbage', 'stop', 'chinese', 'seagulls']
questions ['What vegetables are on this plate?', 'What does the traffic signal indicate drivers should do?', 'Which brand of aeroplane is shown in this picture?', 'These birds found near water are called what?'] predictions ['carrots and cabbage', 'stop', 'chinese', 'seagulls'] gold_answers ['carrot cabbage', 'go', 'boeing', 'seagull']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 381/1262 [02:07<04:41,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 381/1262 [02:07<04:41,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 383/2846529 [02:08<264:47:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 383/2846529 [02:08<264:47:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a farmers market', 'in the countryside', 'green', 'a rottweiler']
questions ['What event could this be taking place at?', 'Where do these foods grow?', 'What type of apples is the woman using in this recipe?', 'What kind of dog is in this picture?'] predictions ['a farmers market', 'in the countryside', 'green', 'a rottweiler'] gold_answers ['farmer market', 'tree', 'granny smith', 'rottweiler']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 382/1262 [02:07<04:42,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 382/1262 [02:07<04:42,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 384/2846529 [02:08<264:45:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 384/2846529 [02:08<264:45:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['honda', 'a computer', 'a tv with a wii remote', 'a building']
questions ['Who makes the motorcycle pictured in the corner?', 'What kind of computer is shown?', 'Can you guess the model of tv shown in this picture?', 'What is this on top of?'] predictions ['honda', 'a computer', 'a tv with a wii remote', 'a building'] gold_answers ['honda', 'desktop', 'lg', 'coffee shop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 383/1262 [02:08<05:18,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 383/1262 [02:08<05:18,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 385/2846529 [02:09<265:01:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 385/2846529 [02:09<265:01:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['purple', 'it is a church', 'a surfboard', 'pitcher']
questions ['Which color seen on a garment here is often seen on flowering bushes?', 'What is the style of the room?', 'What kind of board is this?', 'What position is this team member playing?'] predictions ['purple', 'it is a church', 'a surfboard', 'pitcher'] gold_answers ['pink', 'antique', 'boogie', 'pitcher']

Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 384/1262 [02:08<05:01,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 384/1262 [02:08<05:01,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 386/2846529 [02:09<264:56:56,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 386/2846529 [02:09<264:56:57,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to control the lights', 'making a quilt', 'to play with it', 'a laptop']
questions ['What was the use of the biggest equipment on the board?', 'What can this be used for?', 'Why does this animal have this object?', 'What kind of laptop is that?'] predictions ['to control the lights', 'making a quilt', 'to play with it', 'a laptop'] gold_answers ['light', 'craft', 'play', 'mac']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 385/1262 [02:08<04:42,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 385/1262 [02:08<04:42,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 387/2846529 [02:09<264:48:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 387/2846529 [02:09<264:48:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a digital camera', 'new hampshire', '1971', 'it is a keyboard']
questions ['What kind of camera is she using?', 'What state is this child most likely in?', 'What year did the company advertising on the side of this bag open for business?', 'Why is the device on the right there?'] predictions ['a digital camera', 'new hampshire', '1971', 'it is a keyboard'] gold_answers ['digital', 'massachusetts', '1936', 'to click']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 386/1262 [02:09<04:35,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 386/1262 [02:09<04:35,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 388/2846529 [02:09<264:44:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 388/2846529 [02:09<264:44:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cobblestone', 'a television', 'teddy bear', 'the blue truck']
questions ['What is this street made of?', 'What electronic device is this?', 'What type of bear is in the front of the store?', 'Which of those trucks can carry the most weight?'] predictions ['cobblestone', 'a television', 'teddy bear', 'the blue truck'] gold_answers ['cobblestone', 'television', 'teddy', 'right']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 387/1262 [02:09<04:30,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 387/1262 [02:09<04:30,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 389/2846529 [02:10<264:39:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 389/2846529 [02:10<264:39:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a home office', 'a merino', 'you can be going at a speed of about 20mph', 'in the water']
questions ['Why would we suspect that this office is in a home?', 'What breed of sheep is this?', 'How fast can you you be going?', 'Where can i store these vehicles?'] predictions ['it is a home office', 'a merino', 'you can be going at a speed of about 20mph', 'in the water'] gold_answers ['decor', 'merino', '40 mph', 'marina']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 388/1262 [02:10<05:18,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 388/1262 [02:10<05:18,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 390/2846529 [02:10<264:59:03,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 390/2846529 [02:10<264:59:04,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['microwave', 'a large passenger plane', 'The vehicle on the left is a bus', 'talking on the phone']
questions ['What type of cooking could be done using the black appliance on the counter?', 'What model plane is this?', 'Why might we assume that the vehicle on the left was more modern?', 'What is the person doing?'] predictions ['microwave', 'a large passenger plane', 'The vehicle on the left is a bus', 'talking on the phone'] gold_answers ['fry', '747', 'design', 'talk on phone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 389/1262 [02:10<05:30,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 389/1262 [02:10<05:30,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 391/2846529 [02:11<265:08:07,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 391/2846529 [02:11<265:08:08,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the sun', 'spoon', 'it was blown away', 'succulents']
questions ['What produced that light?', 'What utensil is needed to eat this meal?', 'Why is the leaf on the ground?', 'These plants are called what?'] predictions ['the sun', 'spoon', 'it was blown away', 'succulents'] gold_answers ['sun', 'fork', 'autumn', 'succulent']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 390/1262 [02:10<05:09,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 390/1262 [02:10<05:09,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 392/2846529 [02:11<265:03:45,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 392/2846529 [02:11<265:03:46,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a marina', '1890', 'it is a traditional living room', 'male']
questions ['What is this location called?', 'What year was the first game of this sport played?', 'What type of architectural design is this living room?', 'What gender is this animal?'] predictions ['a marina', '1890', 'it is a traditional living room', 'male'] gold_answers ['dock', '1863', 'victorian', 'female']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 391/1262 [02:11<05:08,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 391/1262 [02:11<05:08,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 393/2846529 [02:11<265:05:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 393/2846529 [02:11<265:05:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a Windsor knot', 'clear blue sky', 'obesity, diabetes, and heart disease', 'long']
questions ['What kind of knot did the man on the left tie his bowtie with?', 'What is the weather like?', 'Excessive consumption of this sort of food could possibly lead to what types of health conditions?', 'How long is that sandwhich?'] predictions ['a Windsor knot', 'clear blue sky', 'obesity, diabetes, and heart disease', 'long'] gold_answers ['bow', 'clear', 'obesity', '12 inches']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 392/1262 [02:11<05:07,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 392/1262 [02:11<05:07,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 394/2846529 [02:12<265:07:54,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 394/2846529 [02:12<265:07:55,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wood', 'a ranch', 'curtains', 'hot dog']
questions ['What material is this counter top made of?', 'Name the place where these horses are seen in this picture?', 'What are the fabric coverings on the window called?', 'What kind of cold meet is this?'] predictions ['wood', 'a ranch', 'curtains', 'hot dog'] gold_answers ['granite', 'ranch', 'drape', 'hotdog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 393/1262 [02:11<04:38,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 393/1262 [02:11<04:38,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 395/2846529 [02:12<264:56:44,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 395/2846529 [02:12<264:56:44,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a video game console', 'baker', 'sheep', 'to cross the street']
questions ['What game system is this?', 'What occupation is the womans?', 'What type of animal is this and are they mentioned in the bible?', 'What is this walkway used for?'] predictions ['a video game console', 'baker', 'sheep', 'to cross the street'] gold_answers ['arcade', 'baker', 'sheep yes', 'pedestrian']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 394/1262 [02:12<04:31,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 394/1262 [02:12<04:31,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 396/2846529 [02:12<264:52:02,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 396/2846529 [02:12<264:52:03,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['right', 'bread', 'it is good for your teeth', 'the cup']
questions ['Is he right or left handed?', 'What type of food is shown?', 'Why is it good to eat oranges often?', 'Which of the two liquid receptacles on the desk would be better for holding a hot drink?'] predictions ['right', 'bread', 'it is good for your teeth', 'the cup'] gold_answers ['left', 'sandwich', 'vitamin', 'cup']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 395/1262 [02:12<04:34,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 395/1262 [02:12<04:34,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 397/2846529 [02:12<264:50:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 397/2846529 [02:12<264:50:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wood flooring', 'acer', 'in the air', 'people']
questions ['Name the type of flooring shown in this picture?', 'What brand is this computer?', 'Where would he use this?', 'Who rides this?'] predictions ['wood flooring', 'acer', 'in the air', 'people'] gold_answers ['carpet', 'hp', 'outside', 'children']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 396/1262 [02:12<04:15,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 396/1262 [02:12<04:15,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 398/2846529 [02:13<264:39:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 398/2846529 [02:13<264:39:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['swinging a bat', 'a stance', 'two', 'a vase']
questions ['What action is the baseball player doing in this scene?', 'What is this boarders stance called?', 'How many chromosomes do these creatures have?', 'What are the flowers in?'] predictions ['swinging a bat', 'a stance', 'two', 'a vase'] gold_answers ['swing', 'grind', '46', 'vase']

Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 397/1262 [02:12<04:15,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 397/1262 [02:12<04:15,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 399/2846529 [02:13<264:35:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 399/2846529 [02:13<264:35:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['The sign says "school"', 'cellular', 'the digestive system', 'chess']
questions ['How do we know there may be a school nearby?', 'Is this a landline or cellular phone?', 'Which part of the body might be particularly benefited by the use of this beverage?', 'What game is being played?'] predictions ['The sign says "school"', 'cellular', 'the digestive system', 'chess'] gold_answers ['sign', 'cellular', 'eye', 'chess']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 398/1262 [02:13<04:22,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 398/1262 [02:13<04:22,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 400/2846529 [02:13<264:34:14,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 400/2846529 [02:13<264:34:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['healthy', 'anniversary', 'a sausage', 'sand']
questions ['Are the foods in the fridge mostly healthy or unhealthy?', 'Are they celebrating an anniversary or her birthday?', 'What is on the table?', 'What might this animal have as a staple diet?'] predictions ['healthy', 'anniversary', 'a sausage', 'sand'] gold_answers ['healthy', 'anniversary', 'scissor', 'fish']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 399/1262 [02:13<04:06,  3.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 399/1262 [02:13<04:06,  3.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 401/2846529 [02:14<264:23:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 401/2846529 [02:14<264:23:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['radishes', 'a triangle', 'to protect themselves', 'a marathon']
questions ['What type of vegetable is on the topmost portion of the plate?', 'What kind of polygon is shown in this picture?', 'Why do these workers wear a vest for?', 'What was happening here?'] predictions ['radishes', 'a triangle', 'to protect themselves', 'a marathon'] gold_answers ['bok choy', 'octogon', 'safety', 'race']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 400/1262 [02:13<04:09,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 400/1262 [02:13<04:09,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 402/2846529 [02:14<264:19:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 402/2846529 [02:14<264:19:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the stairs', 'a hospital', 'heart rate and respiration', 'the people']
questions ['What is made out of wood?', 'In what sort of building might this be found?', 'The activity that the man in the photo is doing can increase which vital signs?', 'Who do you think enjoys the statue the most?'] predictions ['the stairs', 'a hospital', 'heart rate and respiration', 'the people'] gold_answers ['staircase', 'hospital', 'heart rate', 'children']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 401/1262 [02:14<04:12,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 401/1262 [02:14<04:12,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 403/2846529 [02:14<264:15:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 403/2846529 [02:14<264:15:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['london', 'fluorescent', 'in a lake', 'a cattle farm']
questions ['What english city is famous for a tournament for the sport this man is playing?', 'Name the kind of lighting used in this kitchen shown?', 'Where could you find these animals?', 'What sort of farm is this?'] predictions ['london', 'fluorescent', 'in a lake', 'a cattle farm'] gold_answers ['wimbledon', 'overhead', 'north america', 'dairy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 402/1262 [02:14<04:06,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 402/1262 [02:14<04:06,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 404/2846529 [02:14<264:07:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 404/2846529 [02:14<264:07:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['telecommunications', 'vegetable', 'milk', 'marble']
questions ['What industry are these for?', 'Is the large yellow object a fruit or a vegetable?', 'What products do we get from cows?', 'Can you guess the type of flooring shown in this picture?'] predictions ['telecommunications', 'vegetable', 'milk', 'marble'] gold_answers ['internet', 'vegetable', 'dairy', 'tile']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 403/1262 [02:14<04:02,  3.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 403/1262 [02:14<04:02,  3.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 405/2846529 [02:15<264:00:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 405/2846529 [02:15<264:00:34,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['watching birds', 'It is grilled', 'family', 'a hat']
questions ['What activity is this man engaging in?', 'How is this food cooked?', 'Is this the bathroom of a single person or family?', 'What kind of hat is the man wearing?'] predictions ['watching birds', 'It is grilled', 'family', 'a hat'] gold_answers ['bird watch', 'grilled', 'family', 'fedora']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 404/1262 [02:14<03:58,  3.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 404/1262 [02:14<03:58,  3.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 406/2846529 [02:15<263:53:00,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 406/2846529 [02:15<263:53:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a long haired cat', 'grilled', 'a rail', 'reading']
questions ['What kind of cat is this?', 'How was the meat in this photo prepeared?', 'What is the name of this trick?', 'What past time activity could be supported by the items stacked on the side table?'] predictions ['a long haired cat', 'grilled', 'a rail', 'reading'] gold_answers ['maine coon', 'grilled', 'rail slide', 'read']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 405/1262 [02:15<04:17,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 405/1262 [02:15<04:17,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 407/2846529 [02:15<263:55:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 407/2846529 [02:15<263:55:03,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['north', 'f, i, r', 'cutting paper', 'It might be a french toast sandwich with potatoes and onions']
questions ['What direction is the wind from?', 'What three letters are used to identify hotly debated flying objects that could look like this white disc?', 'The sharp objects are doing what?', 'How might this be prepared?'] predictions ['north', 'f, i, r', 'cutting paper', 'It might be a french toast sandwich with potatoes and onions'] gold_answers ['right', 'ufo', 'cut', 'fried']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 406/1262 [02:15<05:05,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 406/1262 [02:15<05:05,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 408/2846529 [02:16<264:13:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 408/2846529 [02:16<264:13:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['soy sauce, teriyaki sauce, and teriyaki', 'low tide', 'it is cooked in a pot', 'in a boat']
questions ['What other sauces are popular with this dish?', 'Is this high tide or low tide?', 'How is this cooked?', 'How is this man transporting himself?'] predictions ['soy sauce, teriyaki sauce, and teriyaki', 'low tide', 'it is cooked in a pot', 'in a boat'] gold_answers ['soy', 'low', 'stove top', 'boat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 407/1262 [02:16<06:13,  2.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 407/1262 [02:16<06:13,  2.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 409/2846529 [02:16<264:46:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 409/2846529 [02:16<264:46:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the produce section', 'nintendo nintendo nintendo nintend', 'it needs a lot of sunlight', 'square']
questions ['Where are foods like these usually found in a supermarket?', 'What video game was made with the name of arguably the most famous athlete in this sport?', 'How much sunlight does the plant in this photo require?', 'What shape is the umbrella?'] predictions ['in the produce section', 'nintendo nintendo nintendo nintend', 'it needs a lot of sunlight', 'square'] gold_answers ['produce section', 'tony hawk', '12 hours', 'round']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 408/1262 [02:16<07:08,  1.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 408/1262 [02:16<07:08,  1.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 410/2846529 [02:17<265:23:15,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 410/2846529 [02:17<265:23:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a store', 'windows', 'tulip', 'giraffe']
questions ['What building is this?', 'What are the panes of glass in the walls called?', 'Name the flower?', 'Which is the tall african herbavore?'] predictions ['a store', 'windows', 'tulip', 'giraffe'] gold_answers ['store', 'window', 'tulip', 'giraffe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 409/1262 [02:17<06:08,  2.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 409/1262 [02:17<06:08,  2.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 411/2846529 [02:17<265:15:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 411/2846529 [02:17<265:15:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is moving slowly', '18th century', 'taking a picture', 'fireplace']
questions ['How fast can this train go?', 'When was this mode of transportation invented?', 'In modern society what can you often see someone doing while walking down the street with their phone?', 'This was used to keep the house warm before central air?'] predictions ['it is moving slowly', '18th century', 'taking a picture', 'fireplace'] gold_answers ['100 mph', '1817', 'talk', 'fireplace']

Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 410/1262 [02:17<05:26,  2.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 410/1262 [02:17<05:26,  2.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 412/2846529 [02:18<265:07:56,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 412/2846529 [02:18<265:07:56,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nintendo wii', 'a raft', 'wet', 'white']
questions ['What game is being played?', 'What are they using to move through the water?', 'Are the streets in this picture wet or dry?', 'What kind of horse this is?'] predictions ['nintendo wii', 'a raft', 'wet', 'white'] gold_answers ['karaoke', 'paddle', 'wet', 'cow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 411/1262 [02:17<05:18,  2.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 411/1262 [02:17<05:18,  2.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 413/2846529 [02:18<265:09:59,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 413/2846529 [02:18<265:10:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['green', 'it is a newer model', 'cake', 'people']
questions ['What type of lights are illuminating the street name sign?', 'How old is this computer?', 'Blown out at every birthday party?', 'Who take care of the elephant?'] predictions ['green', 'it is a newer model', 'cake', 'people'] gold_answers ['led', '20 years', 'candle', 'zookeeper']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 412/1262 [02:18<05:12,  2.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 412/1262 [02:18<05:12,  2.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 414/2846529 [02:18<265:12:08,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 414/2846529 [02:18<265:12:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['television', 'it is a train', 'a skateboard trick', 'a Angus cow']
questions ['What type of electronic device does the remote on this table control?', 'What rails does this vehicle drive on?', 'What kind of trick is that?', 'What breed of cows are these?'] predictions ['television', 'it is a train', 'a skateboard trick', 'a Angus cow'] gold_answers ['tv', 'train track', 'kickflip', 'dairy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 413/1262 [02:18<05:01,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 413/1262 [02:18<05:01,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 415/2846529 [02:19<265:10:59,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 415/2846529 [02:19<265:11:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['halibut', 'golden retriever', 'plaid', 'in the leaves']
questions ['What kind of fish is on the plate?', 'What breed of dog is the dog in this photo?', 'What do you call the pattern on the furniture?', 'Where is the evidence of worms?'] predictions ['halibut', 'golden retriever', 'plaid', 'in the leaves'] gold_answers ['salmon', 'golden retriever', 'plaid', 'hole']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 414/1262 [02:18<04:40,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 414/1262 [02:18<04:40,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 416/2846529 [02:19<265:04:05,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 416/2846529 [02:19<265:04:06,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['samoa', 'it is a horse trailer', 'a skateboard trick', 'a father and son']
questions ['Which country in the world is most famous for this sport?', 'What is the purpose of this vehicle?', 'What is this trick called?', 'What kind of relationship is this?'] predictions ['samoa', 'it is a horse trailer', 'a skateboard trick', 'a father and son'] gold_answers ['australia', 'transport', 'grind', 'father and son']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 415/1262 [02:19<04:39,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 415/1262 [02:19<04:39,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 417/2846529 [02:19<265:03:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 417/2846529 [02:19<265:03:10,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['books', 'the scrooge', 'train', 'they are sitting on the floor']
questions ['What is the shelf behind the three people being used for?', 'The person in the hat is pretending to be what dr seuss character?', 'What is the fastest way i can get somewhere listed here?', 'What pose are these women sitting in?'] predictions ['books', 'the scrooge', 'train', 'they are sitting on the floor'] gold_answers ['hold book', 'cat in hat', 'plane', 'indian style']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 416/1262 [02:19<04:38,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 416/1262 [02:19<04:38,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 418/2846529 [02:20<265:02:04,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 418/2846529 [02:20<265:02:05,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a doubles match', 'to make a bed', 'red car', 'bread, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese']
questions ['What type of tennis match is being played?', 'What are the boxes used for?', 'What kind of car is this?', 'Name the ingredients used to make this dish?'] predictions ['a doubles match', 'to make a bed', 'red car', 'bread, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese'] gold_answers ['double', 'ship', 'sedan', 'lettuce chicken']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 417/1262 [02:19<04:50,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 417/1262 [02:19<04:50,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 419/2846529 [02:20<265:07:08,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 419/2846529 [02:20<265:07:09,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['happy new year', 'it is a vintage train', 'the sun', 'to sit on']
questions ['What does his hat say and how do you say that in navajo known to its own speakers as dine?', 'Hold old is that train?', 'From what source does the yellow glean on the snow come from?', 'What is the blue furniture used for?'] predictions ['happy new year', 'it is a vintage train', 'the sun', 'to sit on'] gold_answers ['happy new year', 'old', 'sun', 'sit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 418/1262 [02:20<04:47,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 418/1262 [02:20<04:47,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 420/2846529 [02:20<265:06:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 420/2846529 [02:20<265:06:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the 1950s', 'golden retriever', 'a potted plant', '1890']
questions ['What decade is this vehicle from?', 'What breed of dog is this?', 'What kind of plant is seen in this picture?', 'When was this type of vehicle first made?'] predictions ['the 1950s', 'golden retriever', 'a potted plant', '1890'] gold_answers ['70', 'labrador', 'house plant', '1920s']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 419/1262 [02:20<04:36,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 419/1262 [02:20<04:36,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 421/2846529 [02:21<265:02:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 421/2846529 [02:21<265:02:29,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['takes pictures', 'a wii remote', 'the thomas train', 'a camera']
questions ['What does the longest device do?', 'What are they putting in here?', 'Name the model of train shown in this picture?', "What is the item behind the man's head for?"] predictions ['takes pictures', 'a wii remote', 'the thomas train', 'a camera'] gold_answers ['tell time', 'battery', 'thomas', 'light']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 420/1262 [02:20<04:35,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 420/1262 [02:20<04:35,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 422/2846529 [02:21<265:01:19,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 422/2846529 [02:21<265:01:20,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['diesel', 'a convertible', 'colgate', 'eddie ek']
questions ['What type of fuel is used by the buses?', 'What kind of car is this?', 'What brand of toothpaste is this?', 'Which dare devil with the initials ek famously used one of these vehicles to perform death defying stunts?'] predictions ['diesel', 'a convertible', 'colgate', 'eddie ek'] gold_answers ['gasoline', 'convertible', 'colgate', 'evel knievel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 421/1262 [02:21<04:42,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 421/1262 [02:21<04:42,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 423/2846529 [02:21<265:03:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 423/2846529 [02:21<265:03:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is flying in the sky', 'they are too young', 'a flour based breading', 'buggy']
questions ['How high is airplane?', 'Why will these bears not eat the honey?', 'What kind of breading was used?', 'Is this a buggy or car?'] predictions ['it is flying in the sky', 'they are too young', 'a flour based breading', 'buggy'] gold_answers ['1000 feet', 'stuffed animal', 'dough', 'buggy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 422/1262 [02:21<04:45,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 422/1262 [02:21<04:45,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 424/2846529 [02:22<265:05:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 424/2846529 [02:22<265:05:29,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stainless steel', 'spit roasting', 'round', 'carrots']
questions ['What is the silverware made from?', 'What is this cooking technique called?', 'Is the skateboard on a flat or round surface?', 'Which vegetable is grown in the ground?'] predictions ['stainless steel', 'spit roasting', 'round', 'carrots'] gold_answers ['stainless steel', 'grill', 'round', 'carrot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 423/1262 [02:21<04:34,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 423/1262 [02:21<04:34,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 425/2846529 [02:22<265:01:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 425/2846529 [02:22<265:01:15,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bird', 'marilyn monroe', 'they were deep fried', 'tall']
questions ['What kind of bird is this?', "Who is that on the dog's shirt?", 'How were these fries cooked?', 'How tall are these animals?'] predictions ['a bird', 'marilyn monroe', 'they were deep fried', 'tall'] gold_answers ['hummingbird', 'madonna', 'fryer', '20 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 424/1262 [02:22<04:40,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 424/1262 [02:22<04:40,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 426/2846529 [02:22<265:03:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 426/2846529 [02:22<265:03:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a desert', 'a sports car', 'a sign', 'bananas']
questions ['What type of landscape is shown?', 'What type of car is the red one?', 'What is on the outside of these pastries?', 'What is one item you can buy in this location pictured here?'] predictions ['a desert', 'a sports car', 'a sign', 'bananas'] gold_answers ['mountain', 'convertible', 'sugar', 'banana']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 425/1262 [02:22<04:23,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 425/1262 [02:22<04:23,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 427/2846529 [02:23<264:55:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 427/2846529 [02:23<264:55:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['horseback riding', 'a park', 'to celebrate', 'a chihuahua']
questions ['What sport is this?', 'Name the park where the person is sitting?', 'Why do people blow out candles on their birthday?', 'What breed of dog is this?'] predictions ['horseback riding', 'a park', 'to celebrate', 'a chihuahua'] gold_answers ['horse race', 'central', 'make wish', 'australian cattle dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 426/1262 [02:22<04:53,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 426/1262 [02:22<04:53,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 428/2846529 [02:23<265:06:54,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 428/2846529 [02:23<265:06:55,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['french fries', 'a family dinner', 'chevrolet', 'dahlias']
questions ['What kind of fries are on the plate?', 'What kind of gathering might order this?', 'Can you name the brand of the white car shown in this picture?', 'What kind of flowers are these?'] predictions ['french fries', 'a family dinner', 'chevrolet', 'dahlias'] gold_answers ['waffle', 'party', 'chevrolet camaro', 'daisy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 427/1262 [02:23<04:46,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 427/1262 [02:23<04:46,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 429/2846529 [02:23<265:05:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 429/2846529 [02:23<265:05:36,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bed', 'they ride them', 'it is free', 'boots']
questions ['What kind of bed is in the photo?', 'What do people do on these items?', 'What is the cost of this side?', 'What do these animals wear on their feet?'] predictions ['a bed', 'they ride them', 'it is free', 'boots'] gold_answers ['queen', 'ride', 'free', 'horseshoe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 428/1262 [02:23<04:21,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 428/1262 [02:23<04:21,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 430/2846529 [02:24<264:55:25,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 430/2846529 [02:24<264:55:25,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a few hundred', 'a horse show', 'the 1950s', 'offense']
questions ['How many calories are in this bowl?', 'Can you name the place where this sport is played?', 'In what decade was this sort of vehicle most popular?', 'Is this man on offense or defense?'] predictions ['a few hundred', 'a horse show', 'the 1950s', 'offense'] gold_answers ['200', 'rodeo', "70's", 'defense']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 429/1262 [02:23<04:10,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 429/1262 [02:23<04:10,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 431/2846529 [02:24<264:48:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 431/2846529 [02:24<264:48:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snoring', 'hawaii', 'food', 'a ski competition']
questions ["What sort of sound does this animal make when it's contented as it appears to be now?", 'What us island is this activity most associated with?', 'What is the product being made here?', 'What competition was this photo taken at?'] predictions ['snoring', 'hawaii', 'food', 'a ski competition'] gold_answers ['purr', 'hawaii', 'silverware', 'water ski']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 430/1262 [02:24<04:09,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 430/1262 [02:24<04:09,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 432/2846529 [02:24<264:44:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 432/2846529 [02:24<264:44:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a acoustic guitar', 'nashville, tennessee', 'four', 'antelope']
questions ['What brand is this guitar lying on the bed?', 'Where is this location?', 'How many bones in the neck does this animal have?', 'These animals are closely related to what american animal?'] predictions ['it is a acoustic guitar', 'nashville, tennessee', 'four', 'antelope'] gold_answers ['fender', 'countryside', '7', 'horse']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 431/1262 [02:24<04:42,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 431/1262 [02:24<04:42,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 433/2846529 [02:25<264:55:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 433/2846529 [02:25<264:55:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is a businessman', 'a flip', 'sweater', 'it can tow a lot of dirt']
questions ["What does this person's outfit signify?", 'What is one possible trick that this skateboard could have done?', 'Is that a sweater or cardigan?', 'How much dirt can that machine tow?'] predictions ['he is a businessman', 'a flip', 'sweater', 'it can tow a lot of dirt'] gold_answers ['formal', 'grind', 'sweater', 'ton']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 432/1262 [02:24<04:59,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 432/1262 [02:24<04:59,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 434/2846529 [02:25<265:03:12,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 434/2846529 [02:25<265:03:13,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a paddle', 'appetizer', 'commuter bikes', 'dolls']
questions ['What would be used to propel these boats?', 'Which course in the meal are these people in?', 'Are these show bikes or commuter bikes?', 'What little girls usually play with?'] predictions ['a paddle', 'appetizer', 'commuter bikes', 'dolls'] gold_answers ['paddle', 'appetizer', 'commuter', 'doll']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 433/1262 [02:25<04:29,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 433/1262 [02:25<04:29,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 435/2846529 [02:25<264:53:04,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 435/2846529 [02:25<264:53:05,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pgh pizza', 'urban', 'denim', 'jewelry']
questions ['What us company sold the most of this product last year?', 'Would this kind of transportation be in a rural or urban area?', 'What fabric are these jackets made of?', 'What does this store sell?'] predictions ['pgh pizza', 'urban', 'denim', 'jewelry'] gold_answers ['domino', 'urban', 'denim', 'jewelry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 434/1262 [02:25<04:22,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 434/1262 [02:25<04:22,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 436/2846529 [02:26<264:48:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 436/2846529 [02:26<264:48:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seoul', 'to bake food', 'unhealthy', 'it is a living room']
questions ['What is the city in the background of this beach photo?', 'What is this machine used for?', 'Healthy or unhealthy?', 'What is this room used for?'] predictions ['seoul', 'to bake food', 'unhealthy', 'it is a living room'] gold_answers ['miami', 'toast', 'unhealthy', 'live']

Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 435/1262 [02:25<04:24,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 435/1262 [02:25<04:24,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 437/2846529 [02:26<264:47:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 437/2846529 [02:26<264:47:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nokia', 'it is fall', 'snack', 'lincoln']
questions ['What model is this cell phone?', 'What time of year is it?', 'Is this a meal or snack?', "What does the letter l stand for on the truck's bumper?"] predictions ['nokia', 'it is fall', 'snack', 'lincoln'] gold_answers ['motorola', 'fall', 'snack', 'left side']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 436/1262 [02:26<04:18,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 436/1262 [02:26<04:18,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 438/2846529 [02:26<264:44:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 438/2846529 [02:26<264:44:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is moving slowly', 'it tells us the time', '1890', 'chess']
questions ['How fast is this vehicle traveling?', 'What does this thing tell us?', 'What year was the background restaurant founded?', 'What game are they playing?'] predictions ['it is moving slowly', 'it tells us the time', '1890', 'chess'] gold_answers ['10 miles per hour', 'time', '1955', 'chess']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 437/1262 [02:26<04:20,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 437/1262 [02:26<04:20,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 439/2846529 [02:26<264:42:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 439/2846529 [02:26<264:42:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['school bus', 'work', 'a passenger train', 'sesame seeds']
questions ['What is the location and type of vehicle?', 'Work or play?', 'What type of train is this?', 'What kind of seeds on the bun?'] predictions ['school bus', 'work', 'a passenger train', 'sesame seeds'] gold_answers ['school bus', 'work', 'passenger', 'sesame']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 438/1262 [02:26<04:08,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 438/1262 [02:26<04:08,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 440/2846529 [02:27<264:35:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 440/2846529 [02:27<264:35:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chain link', 'white', 'a mirror', 'not enough information']
questions ['What type of fencing is being used?', 'What color stars are in the background?', 'What is she taking a picture in front of?', 'How fast do these vehicles tyipcally go?'] predictions ['chain link', 'white', 'a mirror', 'not enough information'] gold_answers ['chain link', 'gold', 'mirror', '60mph']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 439/1262 [02:26<03:53,  3.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 439/1262 [02:26<03:53,  3.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 441/2846529 [02:27<264:25:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 441/2846529 [02:27<264:25:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['six months', 'moon', 'bad luck', 'hand to hand']
questions ['How many months does this person work?', 'Total eclipse of the what?', 'Are black cats said to bring good luck or bad luck?', 'This sport requires eye to what coordination?'] predictions ['six months', 'moon', 'bad luck', 'hand to hand'] gold_answers ['6', 'heart', 'bad', 'hand']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 440/1262 [02:27<03:43,  3.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 440/1262 [02:27<03:43,  3.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 442/2846529 [02:27<264:15:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 442/2846529 [02:27<264:15:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['vanilla', '1889', '1890', 'locomotive']
questions ['What flavor is that cake?', 'When was this kind of snack invented?', 'In what year were these objects introduced?', 'What is the first car of a train called?'] predictions ['vanilla', '1889', '1890', 'locomotive'] gold_answers ['vanilla', '1847', '1801', 'head']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 441/1262 [02:27<03:30,  3.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 441/1262 [02:27<03:30,  3.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 443/2846529 [02:27<264:03:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 443/2846529 [02:27<264:03:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mop', 'johnny depp', 'a baker', 'they are for a computer and printer']
questions ['Would you use a broom or a mop to clean this room?', 'Who is the actor on the television?', 'Who made this?', 'What functions do the items on the desk serve?'] predictions ['mop', 'johnny depp', 'a baker', 'they are for a computer and printer'] gold_answers ['mop', 'johnny depp', 'baker', 'work']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 442/1262 [02:27<04:01,  3.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 442/1262 [02:27<04:01,  3.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 444/2846529 [02:28<264:08:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 444/2846529 [02:28<264:08:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carrots', 'a pitched roof', 'christian', 'palm trees']
questions ['What orange veggie is in the bowl?', 'What style of roof does that house have?', 'What denomination is the church?', 'What kinds of trees are along the road?'] predictions ['carrots', 'a pitched roof', 'christian', 'palm trees'] gold_answers ['carrot', 'barn', 'baptist', 'palm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 443/1262 [02:27<03:55,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 443/1262 [02:27<03:55,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 445/2846529 [02:28<264:02:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 445/2846529 [02:28<264:02:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['scissors', 'carnivorous', 'in a barn', 'pepperoni']
questions ['Name the type of instrument pictured here?', 'Are these carnivorous or herbivorous animals?', 'Where do the horses in this photo stay at night?', 'What topping is on this food?'] predictions ['scissors', 'carnivorous', 'in a barn', 'pepperoni'] gold_answers ['scissor', 'herbivorous', 'barn', 'pepperoni']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 444/1262 [02:28<03:58,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 444/1262 [02:28<03:58,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 446/2846529 [02:28<263:58:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 446/2846529 [02:28<263:58:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a toilet and a sink', 'redwood', 'apple', 'buddhism']
questions ['What other items might be found in this room?', 'Is redwood or cedar more prevalent as a siding material?', 'What brand of computer is this?', 'What religion uses the floor mat and pillow like this?'] predictions ['a toilet and a sink', 'redwood', 'apple', 'buddhism'] gold_answers ['sink', 'cedar', 'mac', 'islam']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 445/1262 [02:28<04:13,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 445/1262 [02:28<04:13,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 447/2846529 [02:29<264:00:59,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 447/2846529 [02:29<264:01:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pasta', 'if it is empty, it should be thrown away', 'concrete', 'pier']
questions ['What is the name of the meal that has these ingredients?', 'What should be done with the bottle on the table after it is done being used?', 'What is the road this bus is on made of?', 'Is that a pier or ship in the background?'] predictions ['pasta', 'if it is empty, it should be thrown away', 'concrete', 'pier'] gold_answers ['pasta salad', 'recycled', 'asphalt', 'pier']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 446/1262 [02:29<04:57,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 446/1262 [02:29<04:57,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 448/2846529 [02:29<264:17:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 448/2846529 [02:29<264:17:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pond', "the st. patrick's cathedral clock", 'television, couch, and chair', 'vacuum']
questions ['Is that a pond or a lake?', 'What is a famous example of this item?', 'What objects are usually in this room?', 'What moving device is used to clean the glass of this vehicle?'] predictions ['pond', "the st. patrick's cathedral clock", 'television, couch, and chair', 'vacuum'] gold_answers ['lake', 'big ben', 'couch', 'wiper']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 447/1262 [02:29<05:20,  2.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 447/1262 [02:29<05:20,  2.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 449/2846529 [02:30<264:30:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 449/2846529 [02:30<264:30:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['crows', 'to sit on', 'commercial', 'towing']
questions ['What birds do these statues represent?', 'What is this used for?', 'Is this a private or commercial plane?', 'What is the purpose of the vehicle in the front?'] predictions ['crows', 'to sit on', 'commercial', 'towing'] gold_answers ['bird', 'sit', 'commercial', 'tow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 448/1262 [02:29<04:50,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 448/1262 [02:29<04:50,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 450/2846529 [02:30<264:24:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 450/2846529 [02:30<264:24:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['reading', 'low carb', 'queens', 'a grass']
questions ['What activity can be done with the items on the shelf?', 'What type of diet would approve the consumption of this food?', 'Name the place where the vechicle is shown in this picture?', 'What kind of grass is that?'] predictions ['reading', 'low carb', 'queens', 'a grass'] gold_answers ['read', 'vegetarian', 'queen', 'turf']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 449/1262 [02:30<04:23,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 449/1262 [02:30<04:23,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 451/2846529 [02:30<264:15:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 451/2846529 [02:30<264:15:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['legal', 'a black dress', 'ivory', 'to play a game']
questions ['Is this legal or illegal?', 'What sort of wardrobe is this?', 'What is an illegal product that is taken from these animals?', 'For what reason would a person use the same technology as this man?'] predictions ['legal', 'a black dress', 'ivory', 'to play a game'] gold_answers ['legal', 'dress', 'tusk', 'dry hair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 450/1262 [02:30<04:17,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 450/1262 [02:30<04:17,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 452/2846529 [02:31<264:11:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 452/2846529 [02:31<264:11:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stopping', 'it is very thin', 'teeth', 'looking at his phone']
questions ['What action is this sign associated with?', 'How thick is the windshield on this vehicle?', 'What part of the body is the orange vegetable good for?', 'What might this man be doing?'] predictions ['stopping', 'it is very thin', 'teeth', 'looking at his phone'] gold_answers ['stop', 'thick', 'eye', 'text']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 451/1262 [02:30<04:06,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 451/1262 [02:30<04:06,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 453/2846529 [02:31<264:05:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 453/2846529 [02:31<264:05:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mayonnaise', 'a surfboard', 'a sports car', 'construction']
questions ['What red condiment may be used on this meal?', 'What kind of transportation is this man using?', 'What type of car is this?', 'What type of work do you think these men are performing?'] predictions ['mayonnaise', 'a surfboard', 'a sports car', 'construction'] gold_answers ['ketchup', 'surfboard', 'roadster', 'construction']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 452/1262 [02:30<03:58,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 452/1262 [02:30<03:58,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 454/2846529 [02:31<263:58:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 454/2846529 [02:31<263:58:59,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it can extend up to the roof', 'walnut', 'snotgirl', 'cat']
questions ['How far can the ladder on that fire truck extend?', 'What type of wood is this art made from?', "Does this person look more like snotgirl by comic creator bryan lee o'malley or veronica from archie comics?", 'Who should eat this?'] predictions ['it can extend up to the roof', 'walnut', 'snotgirl', 'cat'] gold_answers ['200 feet', 'mahogany', 'veronica', 'human']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 453/1262 [02:31<04:13,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 453/1262 [02:31<04:13,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 455/2846529 [02:31<264:01:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 455/2846529 [02:31<264:01:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the man is older than the boy', 'horse racing', 'kale', 'a birch tree']
questions ['What is the generational gap between these two people?', 'What activity is taking place here?', 'What is this green leafy vegetable?', 'Which kind of tree is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['the man is older than the boy', 'horse racing', 'kale', 'a birch tree'] gold_answers ['50 years', 'horseback ride', 'kale', 'elm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 454/1262 [02:31<04:24,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 454/1262 [02:31<04:24,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 456/2846529 [02:32<264:03:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 456/2846529 [02:32<264:03:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['horse racing', 'its ability to communicate with other elephants', 'they are very heavy', 'a scarf']
questions ['What sport is this?', 'What psychological trait is this animal most well known for?', 'How heavy are these machines?', 'What does the man wear around his neck?'] predictions ['horse racing', 'its ability to communicate with other elephants', 'they are very heavy', 'a scarf'] gold_answers ['polo', 'memory', '175000 lbs', 'tie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 455/1262 [02:32<04:37,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 455/1262 [02:32<04:37,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 457/2846529 [02:32<264:09:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 457/2846529 [02:32<264:09:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it was made from a t-shirt', 'pitcher', 'nike', 'a good eye for detail']
questions ['What method was used to construct this hat?', 'What position is the player playing?', 'Who makes those snow boots?', 'What physical traits does this skill require a person to have?'] predictions ['it was made from a t-shirt', 'pitcher', 'nike', 'a good eye for detail'] gold_answers ['knit', 'pitcher', 'company', 'dexterity']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 456/1262 [02:32<04:59,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 456/1262 [02:32<04:59,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 458/2846529 [02:33<264:19:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 458/2846529 [02:33<264:19:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a restaurant', 'a bed', 'cutting up the broccoli', 'sitting down']
questions ['Where might this lunch have come from?', 'What is inside the small door?', 'What did the knife get used for?', 'Does this animal sleep standing up or sitting down?'] predictions ['a restaurant', 'a bed', 'cutting up the broccoli', 'sitting down'] gold_answers ['restaurant', 'closet', 'dice', 'stand']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 457/1262 [02:32<04:36,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 457/1262 [02:32<04:36,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 459/2846529 [02:33<264:13:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 459/2846529 [02:33<264:13:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['piano', 'to take a picture', 'gasoline', 'no food']
questions ['What is the name of the musical instrument?', 'What is another use of the item the person is holding in this picture?', 'What type of fuel does this vehicle take?', 'What food does the animal eat?'] predictions ['piano', 'to take a picture', 'gasoline', 'no food'] gold_answers ['piano', 'phone call', 'diesel', 'kibble']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 458/1262 [02:33<04:24,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 458/1262 [02:33<04:24,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 460/2846529 [02:33<264:09:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 460/2846529 [02:33<264:09:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is more convenient', 'a mule', 'ham', 'motorcycle']
questions ['Why do some people elect to use this transport over owning a car?', 'What breed is this horse?', 'What is the pink food in the sandwich?', 'What kind of license do you need to drive this vehicle in the united states?'] predictions ['it is more convenient', 'a mule', 'ham', 'motorcycle'] gold_answers ['cheaper', 'palomino', 'ham', 'class m']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 459/1262 [02:33<04:17,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 459/1262 [02:33<04:17,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 461/2846529 [02:34<264:06:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 461/2846529 [02:34<264:06:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the moon', 'omnivore', 'beginner', 'hamburger']
questions ['What is the light in the sky?', 'Is this creature a herbivore or an omnivore?', 'What level course does this child ride?', 'What kind of meat is the man in the picture eating?'] predictions ['the moon', 'omnivore', 'beginner', 'hamburger'] gold_answers ['moon', 'omnivore', 'beginner', 'hot dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 460/1262 [02:33<04:05,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 460/1262 [02:33<04:05,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 462/2846529 [02:34<264:00:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 462/2846529 [02:34<264:00:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tugboat', 'on a plate', 'fishing', 'goalkeeper']
questions ['Name the model of the ship shown in this picture?', 'Where is this food usually served?', 'What were the boats shown in the picture specifically used for?', 'What position does he play?'] predictions ['a tugboat', 'on a plate', 'fishing', 'goalkeeper'] gold_answers ['tugboat', 'chinese restaurant', 'fish', 'goalie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 461/1262 [02:33<03:57,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 461/1262 [02:33<03:57,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 463/2846529 [02:34<263:53:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 463/2846529 [02:34<263:53:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['both', 'they are truck drivers', 'sit', 'ivory']
questions ['Should onion rings be served with sauerkraut dogs hamburgers or both?', 'What is the profession of the people operating these vehicles?', 'Which command is the dog in the photo carrying out?', 'What are this animals tusks made out of?'] predictions ['both', 'they are truck drivers', 'sit', 'ivory'] gold_answers ['both', 'truck driver', 'sit', 'ivory']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 462/1262 [02:34<03:51,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 462/1262 [02:34<03:51,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 464/2846529 [02:34<263:47:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 464/2846529 [02:34<263:47:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['river', 'passengers', 'hantorne', 'wool']
questions ['What body of water are these animals in?', 'People that make use of special frequent usage discounts when traveling on this vehicle are sometimes referred to as frequent what?', 'Which us city is shown?', 'What clothing are made form these animals shown?'] predictions ['river', 'passengers', 'hantorne', 'wool'] gold_answers ['pond', 'flyers', 'hawthorne', 'sweater']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 463/1262 [02:34<04:00,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 463/1262 [02:34<04:00,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 465/2846529 [02:35<263:46:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 465/2846529 [02:35<263:46:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a letter', 'to hold wine', 'silk', 'in a park']
questions ['What is inside the package?', 'What are these used for?', 'What different types of fabric are these wearable items generally made from?', 'Where could this picture be taken?'] predictions ['a letter', 'to hold wine', 'silk', 'in a park'] gold_answers ['mail', 'drink', 'silk', 'thailand']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 464/1262 [02:34<03:52,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 464/1262 [02:34<03:52,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 466/2846529 [02:35<263:40:34,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 466/2846529 [02:35<263:40:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['triangles', 'frisbee', 'by glaciers', 'white and black']
questions ['What geometric shape are the objects they are holding?', 'What food does this animal eat?', 'How was this valley formed?', 'What two primary colors make up the color of the bleachers?'] predictions ['triangles', 'frisbee', 'by glaciers', 'white and black'] gold_answers ['hexagon', 'meat', 'glacier', 'green']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 465/1262 [02:35<03:48,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 465/1262 [02:35<03:48,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 467/2846529 [02:35<263:34:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 467/2846529 [02:35<263:34:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tudor style', 'parrot', 'catcher', 'chili, french fries, grilled cheese sandwich, and a drink']
questions ['What style of architecture is the bridge made in?', 'What animal is on the cup?', 'Name a position being played in this image?', 'Name the ingredients used to make this dish shown in this picture?'] predictions ['a tudor style', 'parrot', 'catcher', 'chili, french fries, grilled cheese sandwich, and a drink'] gold_answers ['arch', 'parrot', 'catcher', 'bean']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 466/1262 [02:35<04:50,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 466/1262 [02:35<04:50,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 468/2846529 [02:36<263:56:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 468/2846529 [02:36<263:56:34,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the hudson river', 'blanket', 'shower', 'a dog']
questions ['What river is shown in this photograph?', 'This bedspread can go by a different cozy sounding name called what?', 'What other cleansing actvity is done in this room?', 'What kind of dog is this?'] predictions ['the hudson river', 'blanket', 'shower', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['thames', 'comforter', 'scrub', 'sheep dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 467/1262 [02:35<04:47,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 467/1262 [02:35<04:47,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 469/2846529 [02:36<263:58:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 469/2846529 [02:36<263:58:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['biking', 'in charleston, south carolina', 'motorcycle', 'no brand']
questions ['What outdoor activity is this person ready to do?', 'Where is this bus company located?', 'What license so you need to ride this?', 'What brand is the racket?'] predictions ['biking', 'in charleston, south carolina', 'motorcycle', 'no brand'] gold_answers ['bike', 'charleston', 'motorcycle license', 'wilson']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 468/1262 [02:36<05:04,  2.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 468/1262 [02:36<05:04,  2.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 470/2846529 [02:37<264:08:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 470/2846529 [02:37<264:08:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['microsoft', 'pleasure', 'ketchup', 'saskatchewan']
questions ["Who's the maker of this mouse?", 'Is this transportation to go to work or pleasure?', 'What red sauce is on the hotdog?', 'Can you guess the place name where these animals are seen?'] predictions ['microsoft', 'pleasure', 'ketchup', 'saskatchewan'] gold_answers ['microsoft', 'pleasure', 'ketchup', 'alaska']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 469/1262 [02:36<04:57,  2.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 469/1262 [02:36<04:57,  2.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 471/2846529 [02:37<264:10:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 471/2846529 [02:37<264:10:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a chef', 'a video game', 'microwave', 'show bike']
questions ['Who would prepare this?', 'What are these people looking at?', 'Which of these appliances would you heat your noodles in?', 'Is this a show bike or a commuter bike?'] predictions ['a chef', 'a video game', 'microwave', 'show bike'] gold_answers ['chef', 'tv', 'microwave', 'show']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 470/1262 [02:37<04:32,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 470/1262 [02:37<04:32,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 472/2846529 [02:37<264:04:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 472/2846529 [02:37<264:04:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['turn the knobs on the front of the device', 'playing video games', 'hotdog', 'tropical']
questions ['How do i adjust the volume?', 'What activity are the couple in the middle of doing?', 'What is inside the bread?', 'What climate does the yellow fruit grow in?'] predictions ['turn the knobs on the front of the device', 'playing video games', 'hotdog', 'tropical'] gold_answers ['knob', 'watch tv', 'hot dog', 'tropical']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 471/1262 [02:37<04:55,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 471/1262 [02:37<04:55,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 473/2846529 [02:38<264:15:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 473/2846529 [02:38<264:15:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a trot', 'eating', 'a ski resort', 'Because there are many cars on the street']
questions ['What gait is the horse traveling at?', 'What is this giraffe doing?', 'Which location allows this activity?', 'Why might we suspect that there are a great many commuters living here?'] predictions ['a trot', 'eating', 'a ski resort', 'Because there are many cars on the street'] gold_answers ['slow', 'drink', 'colorado', 'traffic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 472/1262 [02:37<04:57,  2.66it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 472/1262 [02:37<04:57,  2.66it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 474/2846529 [02:38<264:20:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 474/2846529 [02:38<264:20:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tiger', 'california', 'water', 'a cake']
questions ['What animal skin does this resemble?', 'In which state is it most common do this sport?', 'What are the ducks swimming in?', 'What is this baby eating on?'] predictions ['tiger', 'california', 'water', 'a cake'] gold_answers ['tiger', 'hawaii', 'pond', 'high chair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 473/1262 [02:38<04:46,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 473/1262 [02:38<04:46,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 475/2846529 [02:38<264:19:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 475/2846529 [02:38<264:19:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['They are giraffes', 'a collar', 'to the airport', 'sharks']
questions ['How do we know these are not elephants?', "What is around the cat's neck?", 'Where are they going?', 'What marine animal have attacked persons doing this water activity?'] predictions ['They are giraffes', 'a collar', 'to the airport', 'sharks'] gold_answers ['giraffe', 'collar', 'vacation', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 474/1262 [02:38<04:44,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 474/1262 [02:38<04:44,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 476/2846529 [02:39<264:22:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 476/2846529 [02:39<264:22:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bulb', 'skis', 'a tree house', 'a hot water boiler']
questions ['What is inside the lamp to make it light up?', 'What piece of ski equipment do all of these people have?', 'What can you build with these?', 'What is the metal pipe device in old homes that heats them called?'] predictions ['a bulb', 'skis', 'a tree house', 'a hot water boiler'] gold_answers ['bulb', 'ski', 'house', 'radiator']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 475/1262 [02:38<04:30,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 475/1262 [02:38<04:30,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 477/2846529 [02:39<264:18:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 477/2846529 [02:39<264:18:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about 10 minutes', 'robin', 'one dollar', 'tile']
questions ['How long do you cook the noodles for this?', 'Name the family to which this bird belongs to shown in this picture?', 'How much does it cost for city parking?', 'Name what kind of flooring is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['about 10 minutes', 'robin', 'one dollar', 'tile'] gold_answers ['8 minutes', 'woodpecker', '50 cents', 'linoleum']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 476/1262 [02:39<04:06,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 476/1262 [02:39<04:06,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 478/2846529 [02:39<264:09:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 478/2846529 [02:39<264:09:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rocky shores', 'a biplane', "the st. peter's cathedral in london", 'a dinner']
questions ['What is the typical habitat for these animals?', 'What type of airplane is in the photo?', 'What is the tallest of this type of building in the world?', 'What type of event do these ladies seem to be at?'] predictions ['rocky shores', 'a biplane', "the st. peter's cathedral in london", 'a dinner'] gold_answers ['wood', 'biplane', 'big ben', 'tea time']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 477/1262 [02:39<05:06,  2.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 477/1262 [02:39<05:06,  2.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 479/2846529 [02:40<264:33:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 479/2846529 [02:40<264:33:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white clouds', 'in the tropics', 'cat food', 'to carry things']
questions ['What type of clouds are in the sky?', 'The cat is eating a fruit that grows mainly where?', 'What type of cat food could that be?', 'What is the object used for?'] predictions ['white clouds', 'in the tropics', 'cat food', 'to carry things'] gold_answers ['cirrus', 'costa rica', 'meow mix', 'storage']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 478/1262 [02:39<04:44,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 478/1262 [02:39<04:44,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 480/2846529 [02:40<264:29:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 480/2846529 [02:40<264:29:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is crouching', 'you hit the ball into the field', 'wristwatch', 'firefighter']
questions ['What is the position of the person throwing the ball?', 'How do you score in this game?', 'What would this device be called if you could wear it on your arm?', 'What type of rescuer would use the pictured item?'] predictions ['he is crouching', 'you hit the ball into the field', 'wristwatch', 'firefighter'] gold_answers ['pitcher', 'homerun', 'watch', 'firefighter']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 479/1262 [02:40<04:42,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 479/1262 [02:40<04:42,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 481/2846529 [02:40<264:31:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 481/2846529 [02:40<264:31:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about two months', 'ray ban', 'ivory', 'ray ban']
questions ["How long is this anima's gestation period?", 'What brand of sunglasses is this model wearing?', "What expensive material grows on this animal's face?", 'What brand of glasses is the man wearing?'] predictions ['about two months', 'ray ban', 'ivory', 'ray ban'] gold_answers ['15 months', 'gucci', 'ivory', 'oakley']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 480/1262 [02:40<04:14,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 480/1262 [02:40<04:14,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 482/2846529 [02:41<264:22:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 482/2846529 [02:41<264:22:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['oranges', 'a skateboard trick', 'in the pacific northwest', 'pepperoni']
questions ['What type of fruit are they holding?', 'What is the name of the trick being done here?', 'Where did this sport originate?', 'What types of pizza are shown?'] predictions ['oranges', 'a skateboard trick', 'in the pacific northwest', 'pepperoni'] gold_answers ['orange', 'olly', 'australia', 'pepperoni']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 481/1262 [02:40<04:14,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 481/1262 [02:40<04:14,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 483/2846529 [02:41<264:21:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 483/2846529 [02:41<264:21:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['There are buildings in the distance', 'a green and white bus', 'happy', 'a bus stop']
questions ['How do we know this is a city view?', 'What make is the bus?', 'Would you say this is a happy or sad occasion?', 'What is the symbol in the blue board indicates?'] predictions ['There are buildings in the distance', 'a green and white bus', 'happy', 'a bus stop'] gold_answers ['build', 'volkswagen', 'sad', 'bus stop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 482/1262 [02:41<04:13,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 482/1262 [02:41<04:13,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 484/2846529 [02:41<264:20:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 484/2846529 [02:41<264:20:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop', 'a steam engine', 'braids', 'dominant']
questions ['What is the spanish word for the word on the sign in the photo?', 'Name the model of engine used by these train shown in this picture?', 'What hairstyle does the girl have?', "Is this person's hair color dominant or recessive?"] predictions ['stop', 'a steam engine', 'braids', 'dominant'] gold_answers ['detener', 'steam engine', 'cornrow', 'dominant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 483/1262 [02:41<04:00,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 483/1262 [02:41<04:00,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 485/2846529 [02:42<264:14:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 485/2846529 [02:42<264:14:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['0', 'standing in the water', 'blackberry', 'a mirror']
questions ['How many calories is this type of food?', "What's the bird doing?", 'What model of phone is pictured here?', 'What is usually above a sink that is not present in this picture?'] predictions ['0', 'standing in the water', 'blackberry', 'a mirror'] gold_answers ['25', 'drink', 'blackberry', 'mirror']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 484/1262 [02:41<03:51,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 484/1262 [02:41<03:51,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 486/2846529 [02:42<264:08:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 486/2846529 [02:42<264:08:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it was a large car that drank a lot of gas', 'a hotel', 'a restaurant', 'about a month']
questions ['Why was this type of vehicle referred to as a gas guzzler?', 'Where would you see this set up at?', 'Where did they get that pizza?', 'How long is the gestation period of the animal in this picture?'] predictions ['it was a large car that drank a lot of gas', 'a hotel', 'a restaurant', 'about a month'] gold_answers ['used lot of gas', 'cafe', 'restaurant', '22 months']

Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 485/1262 [02:42<04:55,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 485/1262 [02:42<04:55,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 487/2846529 [02:42<264:31:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 487/2846529 [02:42<264:31:34,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['yamaha', 'hay', 'a plant', 'white']
questions ['What brand of bike is this?', 'What food does this animal eat?', 'What type of plant is that?', 'What ethnicity are the kids?'] predictions ['yamaha', 'hay', 'a plant', 'white'] gold_answers ['honda', 'grass', 'ivy', 'hispanic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 486/1262 [02:42<04:22,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 486/1262 [02:42<04:22,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 488/2846529 [02:43<264:22:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 488/2846529 [02:43<264:22:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to show the time', 'seeds', 'a salad', 'They are drinking water']
questions ['What is the white screen on the back for?', 'What needs to be planted for grass to grow?', 'What type of dish can be made with these items?', 'Why are these animals here?'] predictions ['to show the time', 'seeds', 'a salad', 'They are drinking water'] gold_answers ['projector', 'seed', 'salad', 'drink']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 487/1262 [02:42<04:06,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 487/1262 [02:42<04:06,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 489/2846529 [02:43<264:16:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 489/2846529 [02:43<264:16:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['high', 'they are too large', 'the tide', 'bathing']
questions ['Is this food high or low on fat?', "Why aren't these kept as pets?", 'What causes this water to occasionally recede?', 'What is this area used for?'] predictions ['high', 'they are too large', 'the tide', 'bathing'] gold_answers ['high', 'too big', 'tide', 'bath']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 488/1262 [02:43<03:55,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 488/1262 [02:43<03:55,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 490/2846529 [02:43<264:10:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 490/2846529 [02:43<264:10:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['finches', 'using a darkening filter', 'champagne', 'a bar']
questions ['Name the bird family to which it belongs to shown in this picture?', 'How did the photographer darken the edges of this photo?', 'What beverage is being served?', 'What kind of establishment is this?'] predictions ['finches', 'using a darkening filter', 'champagne', 'a bar'] gold_answers ['finch', 'photoshop', 'champagne', 'bar']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 489/1262 [02:43<04:06,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 489/1262 [02:43<04:06,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 491/2846529 [02:44<264:12:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 491/2846529 [02:44<264:12:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is unknown', 'bamboo', '1871', 'the eyes']
questions ['What year was this silver motorcycle produced?', 'What might this animal like to eat?', 'When was this type of sport invented?', 'What part of the body are these good for?'] predictions ['it is unknown', 'bamboo', '1871', 'the eyes'] gold_answers ['1980', 'bamboo', '1839', 'eye']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 490/1262 [02:43<03:48,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 490/1262 [02:43<03:48,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 492/2846529 [02:44<264:03:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 492/2846529 [02:44<264:03:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a python', 'fruit', 'windows', 'screen']
questions ['The hide of what serpent like creature is sometimes used to make the tan item used here?', 'One of the top major food groups?', 'What is the name of the operating system used for this device?', 'The picture on the laptop screen is called a what?'] predictions ['a python', 'fruit', 'windows', 'screen'] gold_answers ['snake', 'fruit', 'mac', 'screen saver']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 491/1262 [02:44<04:01,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 491/1262 [02:44<04:01,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 493/2846529 [02:44<264:04:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 493/2846529 [02:44<264:04:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chinese food', 'to tell time', 'he is preparing a tuna', 'tile']
questions ['What type of food are these people eating?', 'What is this machine used for?', 'What is he doing?', 'What material is the floor made from?'] predictions ['chinese food', 'to tell time', 'he is preparing a tuna', 'tile'] gold_answers ['chinese', 'tell time', 'butcher', 'tile']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 492/1262 [02:44<04:22,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 492/1262 [02:44<04:22,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 494/2846529 [02:45<264:11:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 494/2846529 [02:45<264:11:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is evening', 'a fruit and vegetable store', 'charles t. t. taylor', 'valves']
questions ['What time of day is it?', 'What type of store was this photo taken in?', 'Who invented the craft flying in the sky?', 'What are the metal objects within the tire called?'] predictions ['it is evening', 'a fruit and vegetable store', 'charles t. t. taylor', 'valves'] gold_answers ['dusk', 'market', 'wright brother', 'spoke']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 493/1262 [02:44<05:08,  2.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 493/1262 [02:44<05:08,  2.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 495/2846529 [02:45<264:31:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 495/2846529 [02:45<264:31:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toilet, shower, and plant', 'it is on a railing', 'in a school lunch', 'above it']
questions ['What objects are found usually in this kind of room?', 'How does this animal climb in the outdoors?', 'Where could i find this?', 'Is this photograph taken from eye level with the furniture above it or below it?'] predictions ['toilet, shower, and plant', 'it is on a railing', 'in a school lunch', 'above it'] gold_answers ['toiletry', 'claw', 'cafeteria', 'above']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 494/1262 [02:45<04:57,  2.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 494/1262 [02:45<04:57,  2.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 496/2846529 [02:45<264:33:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 496/2846529 [02:45<264:33:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a wave', 'the heart and lungs', 'intersection', 'oats']
questions ['What kind fo wave is the surfer riding?', 'The dishes before you is good for which parts of the body?', 'What is the name of this type of junction?', 'What kind of cereal is this baby eating?'] predictions ['a wave', 'the heart and lungs', 'intersection', 'oats'] gold_answers ['small', 'eye', 'intersection', 'cheerio']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 495/1262 [02:45<04:36,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 495/1262 [02:45<04:36,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 497/2846529 [02:46<264:30:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 497/2846529 [02:46<264:30:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['high', 'two bicycles', 'wal-mart', 'a buffet']
questions ['How high is the tide?', 'What are the brands of bicycles on the sand?', 'What u s toy store is this image associated with?', 'What is this display of food typically called?'] predictions ['high', 'two bicycles', 'wal-mart', 'a buffet'] gold_answers ['low', 'schwinn', 'toy r us', 'buffet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 496/1262 [02:45<04:21,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 496/1262 [02:45<04:21,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 498/2846529 [02:46<264:26:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 498/2846529 [02:46<264:26:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is made of stone', 'it is a bathroom', 'chilly', 'sony']
questions ['What material is this building made of?', 'What is a function performed in this room?', 'Is it chilly on the beach or very hot?', 'What brand does this television remote belong to?'] predictions ['it is made of stone', 'it is a bathroom', 'chilly', 'sony'] gold_answers ['concrete', 'shower', 'chilly', 'sony']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 497/1262 [02:46<04:11,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 497/1262 [02:46<04:11,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 499/2846529 [02:46<264:23:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 499/2846529 [02:46<264:23:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['teflon', 'round', 'left', 'a parasail']
questions ['What copyrighted heatproof material is the measuring cup made from?', 'What shape is the table?', 'What is the handedness of this woman?', 'What kind of kite holds the person?'] predictions ['teflon', 'round', 'left', 'a parasail'] gold_answers ['pyrex', 'circle', 'right', 'surf kite']

Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 498/1262 [02:46<04:09,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 498/1262 [02:46<04:09,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 500/2846529 [02:47<264:22:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 500/2846529 [02:47<264:22:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['elizabeth taylor', 'a sandwich', 'the military', 'blue and white']
questions ['Who is famous for refusing to give up her seat on the front of one of these?', 'What is this dish called?', 'Who operates this kind of transporation?', 'What patterns are shown on the plate?'] predictions ['elizabeth taylor', 'a sandwich', 'the military', 'blue and white'] gold_answers ['rosa park', 'sandwich', 'pilot', 'floral']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 499/1262 [02:47<04:39,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 499/1262 [02:47<04:39,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 501/2846529 [02:47<264:33:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 501/2846529 [02:47<264:33:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a spacecraft launch', 'a hotel', 'grass', 'it is painted with a paintbrush']
questions ['What spacecraft launch is this?', 'What type of business is this picture taken in?', "What is this animal's diet in the wild?", 'How is this effect painted on to walls?'] predictions ['a spacecraft launch', 'a hotel', 'grass', 'it is painted with a paintbrush'] gold_answers ['shuttle', 'hotel', 'plant', 'sponge']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 500/1262 [02:47<04:44,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 500/1262 [02:47<04:44,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 502/2846529 [02:48<264:38:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 502/2846529 [02:48<264:38:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['children', 'snow', 'the man is riding a wave', 'african']
questions ['Are these children or adults?', 'What type of terrain is this sport practiced in?', 'Why does the current turn white when the man is surfing?', 'Is this an african or indian elephant?'] predictions ['children', 'snow', 'the man is riding a wave', 'african'] gold_answers ['children', 'mountain', 'bubble', 'african']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 501/1262 [02:47<04:39,  2.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 501/1262 [02:47<04:39,  2.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 503/2846529 [02:48<264:40:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 503/2846529 [02:48<264:40:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cinnamon', 'soup', 'one airways', 'in the arctic']
questions ['What is the most popular flavor of this kind of pastry?', 'What is the food in the cup?', 'Which brand of aeroplane is shown in this picture?', 'Where do most of these animals live?'] predictions ['cinnamon', 'soup', 'one airways', 'in the arctic'] gold_answers ['glazed', 'soup', '1 world', 'antarctica']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 502/1262 [02:48<04:23,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 502/1262 [02:48<04:23,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 504/2846529 [02:48<264:37:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 504/2846529 [02:48<264:37:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to light up the sky', 'chocolate', 'the zoo in california', 'to warn people not to feed the animals']
questions ['What is the purpose of the white structure on the right side of the photo?', 'What kind of cake is on the plate?', "What's the best zoo to see this animal?", 'Why is this sign here?'] predictions ['to light up the sky', 'chocolate', 'the zoo in california', 'to warn people not to feed the animals'] gold_answers ['lighthouse', 'chocolate', 'chicago', 'protect animal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 503/1262 [02:48<04:55,  2.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 503/1262 [02:48<04:55,  2.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 505/2846529 [02:49<264:51:46,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 505/2846529 [02:49<264:51:47,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a bus', 'a blue tent', 'trunk', 'fries']
questions ['How does this vehicle go places?', 'What kind of tent is in the background?', 'What part of a car is also part of this animal?', 'What side item is served with this burger?'] predictions ['it is a bus', 'a blue tent', 'trunk', 'fries'] gold_answers ['drive', 'canopy', 'trunk', 'fry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 504/1262 [02:48<04:34,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 504/1262 [02:48<04:34,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 506/2846529 [02:49<264:48:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 506/2846529 [02:49<264:48:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a roast beef sandwich', 'He jumped on his skateboard', 'a delivery bus', 'black and white checkerboard']
questions ['What kind of sandwich is this?', 'How did this boy get in the air?', 'What kind of bus is that?', 'What material is the floor made out of?'] predictions ['a roast beef sandwich', 'He jumped on his skateboard', 'a delivery bus', 'black and white checkerboard'] gold_answers ['reuben', 'jumped', 'delivery', 'marble']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 505/1262 [02:49<04:32,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 505/1262 [02:49<04:32,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 507/2846529 [02:49<264:50:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 507/2846529 [02:49<264:50:14,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are riding them', 'strawberry', 'kiwi', 'cowboy hat']
questions ['Why are these men on top of the elephants?', 'What fruit is red?', 'What type of fruit has the starburst center?', 'What kind of hat is that?'] predictions ['they are riding them', 'strawberry', 'kiwi', 'cowboy hat'] gold_answers ['ride', 'strawberry', 'kiwi', 'cowboy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 506/1262 [02:49<04:12,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 506/1262 [02:49<04:12,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 508/2846529 [02:50<264:44:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 508/2846529 [02:50<264:44:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop', '0', 'double decker bus', 'about a meter']
questions ['Should we go or stop?', 'How many days was the weather like this in alaska in 2017?', 'What is the proper name for this type of bus?', 'What are the average height of these animals?'] predictions ['stop', '0', 'double decker bus', 'about a meter'] gold_answers ['go', '30', 'double decker', '18 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 507/1262 [02:49<04:04,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 507/1262 [02:49<04:04,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 509/2846529 [02:50<264:41:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 509/2846529 [02:50<264:41:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['concert', 'a teddy bear', 'she is cutting something', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ['What kind of event is this?', 'What plush toy character is on the couch in the background?', 'What activity is this woman doing?', 'Who invented the device shown on this picture?'] predictions ['concert', 'a teddy bear', 'she is cutting something', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['concert', 'elmo', 'cut', 'wright']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 508/1262 [02:50<04:29,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 508/1262 [02:50<04:29,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 510/2846529 [02:50<264:50:47,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 510/2846529 [02:50<264:50:48,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the dr seuss character', 'christmas', 'snoopy', 'it is a tourist attraction']
questions ['What cartoon character is on this cake?', 'What holiday is associated with this animal?', 'What is the name of the looney tunes character of the same species and color as the animal in the picture?', 'Why is there a carriage in front of us?'] predictions ['the dr seuss character', 'christmas', 'snoopy', 'it is a tourist attraction'] gold_answers ['winnie pooh', 'halloween', 'sylvester', 'travel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 509/1262 [02:50<04:35,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 509/1262 [02:50<04:35,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 511/2846529 [02:51<264:55:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 511/2846529 [02:51<264:55:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sheep', 'on the side of the road', 'safer', 'a bookcase']
questions ['What is a female of the animal on the left called?', "Where shouldn't people park?", 'Are these motorcyclists safer or unsafer than ones not wearing helmets?', 'What is this type of furniture called the cat is sitting on?'] predictions ['sheep', 'on the side of the road', 'safer', 'a bookcase'] gold_answers ['ewe', 'fire hydrant', 'safer', 'bookshelf']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 510/1262 [02:50<04:26,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 510/1262 [02:50<04:26,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 512/2846529 [02:51<264:54:37,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 512/2846529 [02:51<264:54:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tinker toy', '1880', '0 degrees', 'boxer']
questions ["What popular kid's toy train does this image remind you of?", 'When was this item invented?', 'What is the outside temperature?', 'What breed of dog is this?'] predictions ['a tinker toy', '1880', '0 degrees', 'boxer'] gold_answers ['thomas', '5th century bc', '80 degrees', 'pitbull']

Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 511/1262 [02:51<04:32,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 511/1262 [02:51<04:32,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 513/2846529 [02:51<264:59:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 513/2846529 [02:51<264:59:00,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the air is polluted', 'the airplane', 'autumn', 'a computer keyboard']
questions ['Why are the mountains hazy in this photo?', 'Which vehicle in this picture travels faster?', 'What time of year is this picture captured in?', 'What does this animal eat?'] predictions ['the air is polluted', 'the airplane', 'autumn', 'a computer keyboard'] gold_answers ['smog', 'airplane', 'fall', 'cat food']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 512/1262 [02:51<04:23,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 512/1262 [02:51<04:23,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 514/2846529 [02:52<264:58:08,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 514/2846529 [02:52<264:58:08,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["the early 1900's", 'casto', 'ricky henry', 'flour']
questions ['What era was this created?', 'If you turn right what street will you be on?', 'What american made the sport in this picture famous?', 'What is this pizza crust made out of?'] predictions ["the early 1900's", 'casto', 'ricky henry', 'flour'] gold_answers ['1960', 'castro', 'tony hawk', 'dough']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 513/1262 [02:51<04:18,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 513/1262 [02:51<04:18,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 515/2846529 [02:52<264:57:32,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 515/2846529 [02:52<264:57:33,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a dog', 'chinese', 'petting the sheep', 'a cat is looking at a laptop']
questions ['What type of dog is this?', 'What language is the counter sign here written in?', 'What was the person doing with the dog and the sheep?', 'What type of social media platform is the cat viewing?'] predictions ['a dog', 'chinese', 'petting the sheep', 'a cat is looking at a laptop'] gold_answers ['hound', 'chinese', 'pet', 'facebook']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 514/1262 [02:52<04:33,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 514/1262 [02:52<04:33,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 516/2846529 [02:53<265:04:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 516/2846529 [02:53<265:04:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['yahoo', 'clock', 'tropical', 'catcher']
questions ['What website is the left computer currently on?', 'What is the purpode of the tower to the left?', 'What kind of climate does this depict?', 'What position is the player in who is behind the plate?'] predictions ['yahoo', 'clock', 'tropical', 'catcher'] gold_answers ['google', 'clock', 'tropical', 'catcher']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 515/1262 [02:52<03:59,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 515/1262 [02:52<03:59,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 517/2846529 [02:53<264:54:57,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 517/2846529 [02:53<264:55:06,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['moving', 'teddy bear', 'in a court', 'water']
questions ['What do people use this for?', 'What toy is this?', 'Where is this sport played?', 'What made the giraffe to bend its neck down?'] predictions ['moving', 'teddy bear', 'in a court', 'water'] gold_answers ['move', 'teddy bear', 'court', 'drink water']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 516/1262 [02:52<03:58,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 516/1262 [02:52<03:58,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 518/2846529 [02:53<264:52:04,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 518/2846529 [02:53<264:52:05,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['transportation', 'they were both fried', 'a police vehicle', 'open concept']
questions ['This vehicle can be used for what purpose?', 'What cooking method was used to prepare both this sandwich and its side dish?', 'What is the name given to this category of automobile?', 'What type of concept is the floor plan?'] predictions ['transportation', 'they were both fried', 'a police vehicle', 'open concept'] gold_answers ['ride', 'fry', 'truck', 'open']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 517/1262 [02:53<03:53,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 517/1262 [02:53<03:53,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 519/2846529 [02:53<264:48:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 519/2846529 [02:53<264:48:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a teddy bear shop', 'hummingbird', 'truck', 'guinness']
questions ['What kind of shop are these bears being sold in?', 'What type of bird is this in the picture?', 'What is this type of vehicle called?', 'What brand of beer does this man have?'] predictions ['a teddy bear shop', 'hummingbird', 'truck', 'guinness'] gold_answers ['gift shop', 'hum bird', 'truck', 'guiness']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 518/1262 [02:53<04:09,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 518/1262 [02:53<04:09,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 520/2846529 [02:54<264:53:24,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 520/2846529 [02:54<264:53:24,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lion', 'usa', 'turkey', 'it takes a few months']
questions ['What animal sees in these colors?', 'What country is this from?', 'What kind of bird is that?', 'How long does it take to grow this vegetable?'] predictions ['a lion', 'usa', 'turkey', 'it takes a few months'] gold_answers ['dog', 'america', 'turkey', '3 months']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 519/1262 [02:53<04:08,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 519/1262 [02:53<04:08,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 521/2846529 [02:54<264:53:04,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 521/2846529 [02:54<264:53:05,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to watch tv', 'citrus', 'green', 'full sized']
questions ['What do you need the remote control for?', 'What fruit family is this from?', 'What shade of green is on the wall?', 'Is this a minature version or a full sized version?'] predictions ['to watch tv', 'citrus', 'green', 'full sized'] gold_answers ['television', 'citrus', 'lime', 'miniature']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 520/1262 [02:54<04:00,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 520/1262 [02:54<04:00,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 522/2846529 [02:54<264:50:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 522/2846529 [02:54<264:50:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a store', 'japan', 'they are wirelessly connected to the computer', 'afp']
questions ['Where would you normally find coolers like this?', 'What country makes the vehicle in the foreground?', 'How do these items work wirelessly?', 'What is one of the most famous companies to rescue these animals?'] predictions ['in a store', 'japan', 'they are wirelessly connected to the computer', 'afp'] gold_answers ['convenience store', 'suzuki', 'bluetooth', 'peta']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 521/1262 [02:54<04:13,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 521/1262 [02:54<04:13,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 523/2846529 [02:55<264:54:19,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 523/2846529 [02:55<264:54:19,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to transport passengers', 'salad dressing', 'dogs', 'selfie']
questions ['What is the purpose of the small trucks seen?', 'What type of dressing is on this sandwich?', 'What are other common household pets?', 'What is the popular name for the type of photo this lady is taking?'] predictions ['to transport passengers', 'salad dressing', 'dogs', 'selfie'] gold_answers ['transport', 'ranch', 'dog', 'selfie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 522/1262 [02:54<03:52,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 522/1262 [02:54<03:52,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 524/2846529 [02:55<264:46:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 524/2846529 [02:55<264:46:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['smoke', 'by a point', 'scientist', 'a line graph']
questions ['What is streaming behind the planes?', 'How is this sport scored?', 'Is this a scientist or drug addict?', 'What type of graph is ths?'] predictions ['smoke', 'by a point', 'scientist', 'a line graph'] gold_answers ['smoke', 'point', 'scientist', 'line']

Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 523/1262 [02:55<03:43,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 523/1262 [02:55<03:43,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 525/2846529 [02:55<264:41:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 525/2846529 [02:55<264:41:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in europe', 'it takes a long time to build', 'lay down', 'beginner']
questions ['Where can you travel like this?', 'How long does it take to build a bridge like the one that is shown?', 'What do people do here?', 'What level would you classify this hill as eg beginner intermediate advanced?'] predictions ['in europe', 'it takes a long time to build', 'lay down', 'beginner'] gold_answers ['europe', 'year', 'sleep', 'beginner']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 524/1262 [02:55<04:01,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 524/1262 [02:55<04:01,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 526/2846529 [02:56<264:45:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 526/2846529 [02:56<264:45:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['2001', 'the danish', 'airplane', 'skate park']
questions ['What year was this generation ipod introduced?', 'Who invented the type of food shown?', 'From what vehicle is this view?', 'What type of park is this called that the person is at?'] predictions ['2001', 'the danish', 'airplane', 'skate park'] gold_answers ['2006', 'hanson gregory', 'airplane', 'skate park']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 525/1262 [02:55<03:49,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 525/1262 [02:55<03:49,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 527/2846529 [02:56<264:40:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 527/2846529 [02:56<264:40:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a public transportation vehicle', 'ropes', 'the ocean', 'the traffic would be stopped']
questions ['What is this vehicle used for?', 'With what are these animals being hung?', 'Name the sea where these persons are shown in this picture?', 'What would happen if a stop is not followed in this state?'] predictions ['it is a public transportation vehicle', 'ropes', 'the ocean', 'the traffic would be stopped'] gold_answers ['transportation', 'string', 'pacific', 'fine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 526/1262 [02:56<03:59,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 526/1262 [02:56<03:59,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 528/2846529 [02:56<264:42:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 528/2846529 [02:56<264:42:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mirror', 'a fire truck', 'samsonite', 'it is snowing']
questions ['This type of portrait is called a what?', 'What sort of vehicle used this item?', 'What company manufactures this brand of pens?', 'What is the weather like?'] predictions ['mirror', 'a fire truck', 'samsonite', 'it is snowing'] gold_answers ['selfie', 'fire truck', 'sharpie', 'snowy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 527/1262 [02:56<03:59,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 527/1262 [02:56<03:59,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 529/2846529 [02:57<264:41:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 529/2846529 [02:57<264:41:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not enough information', 'a small pizza', 'the direction of travel', 'tusk']
questions ['What brand is that fridge?', 'What size pizza is this?', 'What does the shape of this road sign generally indicate?', 'What organ is curled on this animal?'] predictions ['not enough information', 'a small pizza', 'the direction of travel', 'tusk'] gold_answers ['ge', 'large', 'caution', 'trunk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 528/1262 [02:56<03:47,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 528/1262 [02:56<03:47,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 530/2846529 [02:57<264:35:48,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 530/2846529 [02:57<264:35:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['It has a tusk', 'water bottle', 'pepperoni', 'a rail trick']
questions ['How do we know this larger animal is a male?', 'What is the green object on the bench called?', 'What else could you have on these slices?', 'What is this skateboarding trick called?'] predictions ['It has a tusk', 'water bottle', 'pepperoni', 'a rail trick'] gold_answers ['tusk', 'bottle', 'sausage', 'grind']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 529/1262 [02:57<04:03,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 529/1262 [02:57<04:03,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 531/2846529 [02:57<264:40:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 531/2846529 [02:57<264:40:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['barbecue sauce', 'a bench', 'a model train', 'television']
questions ['What sauce is that on the ribs?', 'What is that long stone item used for?', 'What type of train is this?', 'What devices can be controlled by that remote?'] predictions ['barbecue sauce', 'a bench', 'a model train', 'television'] gold_answers ['bbq', 'sit', 'passenger', 'television']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 530/1262 [02:57<03:50,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 530/1262 [02:57<03:50,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 532/2846529 [02:58<264:35:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 532/2846529 [02:58<264:35:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john nash', 'a boat', 'skateboard', 'duck']
questions ['Who invented the mechanical device on this picture?', 'What type of vessel is this?', "What type of board is the woman's feet resting on in the photo?", 'What type of bird is this?'] predictions ['john nash', 'a boat', 'skateboard', 'duck'] gold_answers ['christiaan huygens', 'boat', 'skateboard', 'duck']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 531/1262 [02:57<03:47,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 531/1262 [02:57<03:47,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 533/2846529 [02:58<264:31:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 533/2846529 [02:58<264:31:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snow covered mountains', 'a dirt bike', 'bread', 'stop']
questions ['What mountains are those?', 'What kind of motor bike is this?', 'What dry food is usually put in soup?', 'The opposite of this word is?'] predictions ['snow covered mountains', 'a dirt bike', 'bread', 'stop'] gold_answers ['rockies', 'dirt bike', 'cracker', 'go']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 532/1262 [02:57<03:38,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 532/1262 [02:57<03:38,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 534/2846529 [02:58<264:26:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 534/2846529 [02:58<264:26:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are being lit by a person', 'they make a bleating sound', 'it is a bus', 'the road warrior']
questions ['How are the candles on the cake being lit?', 'What sound do these animals make?', 'How many horsepower does that bus have?', 'Michael landin starred in a show that has a title similar to this image?'] predictions ['they are being lit by a person', 'they make a bleating sound', 'it is a bus', 'the road warrior'] gold_answers ['lighter', 'baa', '300', 'highway to heaven']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 533/1262 [02:58<03:57,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 533/1262 [02:58<03:57,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 535/2846529 [02:59<264:31:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 535/2846529 [02:59<264:31:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a heron', 'john mcdonald', 'a pizza with a lot of cheese', '1892']
questions ['What species of bird is this?', 'Who invented this type of device?', 'What kind of pizza is there?', 'When was this sport created?'] predictions ['a heron', 'john mcdonald', 'a pizza with a lot of cheese', '1892'] gold_answers ['crane', 'martin cooper', 'deep dish', '1900']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 534/1262 [02:58<04:14,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 534/1262 [02:58<04:14,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 536/2846529 [02:59<264:37:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 536/2846529 [02:59<264:37:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['by frying', 'silver', 'st. johns', 'a commercial truck']
questions ['How is this food typically cooked?', 'What color are the appliances?', 'What is the name of this ski location?', 'What class of liscense do you need to drive these?'] predictions ['by frying', 'silver', 'st. johns', 'a commercial truck'] gold_answers ['fried', 'silver', 'aspen', 'cdl']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 535/1262 [02:59<04:15,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 535/1262 [02:59<04:15,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 537/2846529 [02:59<264:39:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 537/2846529 [02:59<264:39:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a florist', 'Hawaiian', 'airplane', 'agrarian']
questions ['What type of business is operated out of the tan building with the blue awning and large red doors?', 'What type of pizza is this?', 'This photo is taken from the perspective of which form of transportation?', 'What level of animal husbandry is practiced in asian countries?'] predictions ['a florist', 'Hawaiian', 'airplane', 'agrarian'] gold_answers ['mechanic', 'hawaiian', 'airplane', '0']

Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 536/1262 [02:59<03:57,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 536/1262 [02:59<03:57,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 538/2846529 [03:00<264:33:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 538/2846529 [03:00<264:33:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['greece', 'chevrolet', 'a bench', 'a tattoo']
questions ['What country is this?', 'What company makes this truck?', 'What is the woman sitting on?', "What is on the woman's arm?"] predictions ['greece', 'chevrolet', 'a bench', 'a tattoo'] gold_answers ['united state', 'ford', 'bench', 'iv']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 537/1262 [02:59<03:51,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 537/1262 [02:59<03:51,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 539/2846529 [03:00<264:30:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 539/2846529 [03:00<264:30:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['zebras', 'a pitch', 'he is smoking', 'a heart']
questions ['Which animals seen are herbivores?', 'What is the batter waiting for?', 'Why is the object in front of the man?', 'What shape is the sign?'] predictions ['zebras', 'a pitch', 'he is smoking', 'a heart'] gold_answers ['zebra', 'pitch', 'ashtray', 'rectangle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 538/1262 [02:59<03:41,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 538/1262 [02:59<03:41,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 540/2846529 [03:00<264:25:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 540/2846529 [03:00<264:25:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no helmet', 'caramel', 'a small plane', 'not made']
questions ['How safe is this with no helmet especially for the passengers?', 'What is the liquid on the vegetables?', 'What type of vehicle is this?', 'Is the bed made or not made?'] predictions ['no helmet', 'caramel', 'a small plane', 'not made'] gold_answers ['unsafe', 'gravy', 'plane', 'not made']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 539/1262 [03:00<03:33,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 539/1262 [03:00<03:33,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 541/2846529 [03:00<264:19:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 541/2846529 [03:00<264:19:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop', 'asian elephant', 'tomatoes', 'a passenger']
questions ['What is the traffic light telling drivers to do?', 'What type of elephant is this based on ear shape?', 'What food in the photo has a lot of c vitamin?', 'Is the man working on this boat or just a passenger?'] predictions ['stop', 'asian elephant', 'tomatoes', 'a passenger'] gold_answers ['go', 'african', 'tomato', 'work']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 540/1262 [03:00<03:28,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 540/1262 [03:00<03:28,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 542/2846529 [03:01<264:14:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 542/2846529 [03:01<264:14:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['apples', 'brown', 'toy train', 'a steam train']
questions ['Which type of fruit are there the most of in the bowl?', 'What is the complimentary color to the leaves?', 'What kind is train is that?', 'What type of train is this?'] predictions ['apples', 'brown', 'toy train', 'a steam train'] gold_answers ['apple', 'brown', 'miniature', 'steam']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 541/1262 [03:00<03:24,  3.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 541/1262 [03:00<03:24,  3.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 543/2846529 [03:01<264:08:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 543/2846529 [03:01<264:08:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['canon', 'rv tents', 'a train that is a passenger train', 'they are excited']
questions ['Which brand is pictured here?', 'What company manufacturers the tent?', 'What type of train is this?', 'What emotions are these people experiencing?'] predictions ['canon', 'rv tents', 'a train that is a passenger train', 'they are excited'] gold_answers ['canon', 'coleman', 'freight', 'happiness']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 542/1262 [03:01<03:50,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 542/1262 [03:01<03:50,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 544/2846529 [03:01<264:15:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 544/2846529 [03:01<264:15:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to make it easier to ride', 'bus', 'robert shaw and john shaw', 'no brand']
questions ['What is the purpose of the wide tires on that bike?', 'Is that a bus or a van?', 'Which famous brothers invented these?', 'What brand is the tv in this picture?'] predictions ['to make it easier to ride', 'bus', 'robert shaw and john shaw', 'no brand'] gold_answers ['traction', 'bus', 'wright', 'samsung']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 543/1262 [03:01<04:20,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 543/1262 [03:01<04:20,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 545/2846529 [03:02<264:26:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 545/2846529 [03:02<264:26:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to provide water', 'bananas, brown sugar, butter, and brown butter', '1870', 'fruit']
questions ['What is the blue item used for?', 'Name the ingredients used to make this dish in this picture?', 'When was the first model of this form of transportation put into use?', 'Are these frutis or vegetables?'] predictions ['to provide water', 'bananas, brown sugar, butter, and brown butter', '1870', 'fruit'] gold_answers ['to put out fire', 'banana', "1800's", 'fruit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 544/1262 [03:02<04:41,  2.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 544/1262 [03:02<04:41,  2.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 546/2846529 [03:02<264:37:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 546/2846529 [03:02<264:37:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a donut', 'toilet', 'more then', 'a lamb']
questions ['What is the food in this photo made of?', 'What is the green object directly in the middle of the photo used for?', 'Is this truck more then or less than ten years old?', 'What is a female of this animal called?'] predictions ['a donut', 'toilet', 'more then', 'a lamb'] gold_answers ['donut', 'clean', 'more', 'ewe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 545/1262 [03:02<04:15,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 545/1262 [03:02<04:15,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 547/2846529 [03:03<264:31:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 547/2846529 [03:03<264:31:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rainy', 'blue', 'a barrel', 'hit the ball']
questions ['What is the weather?', 'What kind of shoes is he wearing?', 'What is this surfing move called?', 'Did she hit the ball or did it fall?'] predictions ['rainy', 'blue', 'a barrel', 'hit the ball'] gold_answers ['rain', 'van', 'paddle', 'fell']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 546/1262 [03:02<03:50,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 546/1262 [03:02<03:50,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 548/2846529 [03:03<264:23:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 548/2846529 [03:03<264:23:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['silver', 'a person is cleaning a toilet', 'garbage truck', 'a lion']
questions ['What color is the fridge?', 'What is the action being shown?', 'What kind of truck is this?', 'What does the carving on this bench depict?'] predictions ['silver', 'a person is cleaning a toilet', 'garbage truck', 'a lion'] gold_answers ['silver', 'clean', 'garbage', 'flower']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 547/1262 [03:03<04:02,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 547/1262 [03:03<04:02,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 549/2846529 [03:03<264:27:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 549/2846529 [03:03<264:27:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['They are baked in a bakery', 'roses', 'john mcdonald', 'on']
questions ['How do you cook these?', 'What type of flowers are on the dash?', 'Who invented the sleeve around this cup?', 'Is the light on or off on the oven?'] predictions ['They are baked in a bakery', 'roses', 'john mcdonald', 'on'] gold_answers ['bake', 'rose', 'inventor', 'on']

Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 548/1262 [03:03<04:10,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 548/1262 [03:03<04:10,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 550/2846529 [03:04<264:31:34,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 550/2846529 [03:04<264:31:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it was parked in the dirt', 'a stop sign', 'it is a computer', 'wood']
questions ['How did this get like this?', 'What is the symbol in the shown board indicates?', 'How much electricity does this machine require?', 'What is this woman made out of?'] predictions ['it was parked in the dirt', 'a stop sign', 'it is a computer', 'wood'] gold_answers ['painted', "don't walk", 'lot', 'bronze']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 549/1262 [03:03<04:10,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 549/1262 [03:03<04:10,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 551/2846529 [03:04<264:33:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 551/2846529 [03:04<264:33:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to drink water', 'a small pizza', 'skis', 'granite']
questions ['Why is he bending over the toilet for?', 'What size is the pizza in this picture?', 'What kind of sports equipment is this person holding?', 'What material is the countertops made from?'] predictions ['to drink water', 'a small pizza', 'skis', 'granite'] gold_answers ['vomit', 'large', 'ski pole', 'formica']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 550/1262 [03:04<03:53,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 550/1262 [03:04<03:53,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 552/2846529 [03:04<264:27:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 552/2846529 [03:04<264:27:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['shredded cheese', 'lions', 'sharks', 'nike']
questions ['What type of cheese is used on this sandwich?', 'What are the natural predators of this animal?', 'What animal should you watch out for while doing this?', 'What brand of clothing is the woman wearing?'] predictions ['shredded cheese', 'lions', 'sharks', 'nike'] gold_answers ['mozzarella', 'lion', 'shark', 'nike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 551/1262 [03:04<03:34,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 551/1262 [03:04<03:34,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 553/2846529 [03:04<264:19:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 553/2846529 [03:04<264:19:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it can run very fast', 'a passenger train', 'it is not cold', 'dirt bike racing']
questions ['How fast can this animal run?', 'What type of train is this?', 'How cold is the sand?', 'What sport is the motor cycle here used in?'] predictions ['it can run very fast', 'a passenger train', 'it is not cold', 'dirt bike racing'] gold_answers ['40 mph', 'subway', 'not cold', 'motorcross']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 552/1262 [03:04<03:32,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 552/1262 [03:04<03:32,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 554/2846529 [03:05<264:16:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 554/2846529 [03:05<264:16:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is a bad person', 'none', 'a leather sofa set', 'surfers']
questions ["Why shouldn't this man do this?", 'How many of these types of animals live in captivity?', 'Which type of leather is used for making the sofa set shown in this picture?', 'What professions are required to wear a suit like this?'] predictions ['he is a bad person', 'none', 'a leather sofa set', 'surfers'] gold_answers ['unhealthy', '2000', 'cow', 'surfer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 553/1262 [03:04<03:43,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 553/1262 [03:04<03:43,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 555/2846529 [03:05<264:17:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 555/2846529 [03:05<264:17:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sailboats', 'a cow', 'a college', 'nissan nissan nissan niss']
questions ['What kind of boats in the background?', 'What kind of cow is this?', 'What kind of institution does this image depict?', 'What model is this car?'] predictions ['sailboats', 'a cow', 'a college', 'nissan nissan nissan niss'] gold_answers ['sail', 'angus', 'college', 'nissan']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 554/1262 [03:05<04:55,  2.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 554/1262 [03:05<04:55,  2.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 556/2846529 [03:06<264:45:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 556/2846529 [03:06<264:45:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a harness', 'black', 'about 20 years', 'its tusks']
questions ['What is the name of the equipment this animal is wearing?', 'What is the complimentary color to the placemat?', 'What is the average life span of this animal?', 'What is this animal poached for?'] predictions ['a harness', 'black', 'about 20 years', 'its tusks'] gold_answers ['harness', 'green', '25 years', 'tusk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 555/1262 [03:05<04:35,  2.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 555/1262 [03:05<04:35,  2.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 557/2846529 [03:06<264:44:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 557/2846529 [03:06<264:44:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tie it', 'venus saturn', 'they are wearing a pair of shoes', 'raspberries']
questions ['How can he fix this on?', 'Who won the most trophies of this sport?', 'Why do we know this person has testosterone in their system?', "What berries are known from being red from jupiter's blood?"] predictions ['tie it', 'venus saturn', 'they are wearing a pair of shoes', 'raspberries'] gold_answers ['tie', 'serena williams', 'hairy leg', 'strawberry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 556/1262 [03:06<04:33,  2.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 556/1262 [03:06<04:33,  2.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 558/2846529 [03:06<264:48:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 558/2846529 [03:06<264:48:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['It was a hot dog with a bun and a side of pasta', 'yosemite', 'unhealthy', 'recreational']
questions ['How was this prepared?', 'Which national park is this?', 'Healthy or unhealthy?', 'Is this a military or recreational plane?'] predictions ['It was a hot dog with a bun and a side of pasta', 'yosemite', 'unhealthy', 'recreational'] gold_answers ['grill', 'yellowstone', 'unhealthy', 'recreational']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 557/1262 [03:06<05:17,  2.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 557/1262 [03:06<05:17,  2.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 559/2846529 [03:07<265:10:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 559/2846529 [03:07<265:10:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ikea', 'nokia', 'male', 'flowers']
questions ['What store are they shopping at?', 'What company sells the device the girl is holding?', 'What gender is this person?', 'What are the designs in the grass likely made out of?'] predictions ['ikea', 'nokia', 'male', 'flowers'] gold_answers ['ikea', 'cannon', 'male', 'flower']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 558/1262 [03:07<04:33,  2.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 558/1262 [03:07<04:33,  2.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 560/2846529 [03:07<265:02:34,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 560/2846529 [03:07<265:02:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['are they djing', 'no', 'in a train station', 'play games']
questions ['Are they djing or are they playing e sports?', 'Is this grandfather clock in front of a photographic backdrop or a window?', 'What place can these trains be found?', 'What activities can be done with items on the shelves?'] predictions ['are they djing', 'no', 'in a train station', 'play games'] gold_answers ['e sport', 'window', 'station', 'read']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 559/1262 [03:07<04:19,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 559/1262 [03:07<04:19,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 561/2846529 [03:08<265:01:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 561/2846529 [03:08<265:01:40,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is trying to get a better view', 'it has one', 'brown and white', 'a maple tree']
questions ['Why is this elephant raising its leg?', 'How many speeds does this bike have?', 'What visual pattern is being featured in this photo?', 'What kind of tree are those leaves from?'] predictions ['it is trying to get a better view', 'it has one', 'brown and white', 'a maple tree'] gold_answers ['walk', '21', 'spot', 'maple']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 560/1262 [03:07<04:27,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 560/1262 [03:07<04:27,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 562/2846529 [03:08<265:07:50,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 562/2846529 [03:08<265:07:50,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["john f. d. o'brien", 'sandhill cranes', 'it is a bathroom', 'chocolate']
questions ['Who invented the part of the bed this kid is landing on?', 'What kind of brids are they?', 'What is this room used for?', 'What kind of cake is this?'] predictions ["john f. d. o'brien", 'sandhill cranes', 'it is a bathroom', 'chocolate'] gold_answers ['man', 'duck', 'bath', 'chocolate']

Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 561/1262 [03:08<04:54,  2.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 561/1262 [03:08<04:54,  2.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 563/2846529 [03:08<265:22:47,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 563/2846529 [03:08<265:22:47,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they were given them by a friend', 'mashed potatoes', 'john lennon', 'john stow']
questions ['Where did this person get these books from?', 'Often used as a side dish?', 'Who is famous for allegedly doing this in a lightning storm?', 'Who made the old clocks found in railway stations?'] predictions ['they were given them by a friend', 'mashed potatoes', 'john lennon', 'john stow'] gold_answers ['bookstore', 'french fry', 'benjamin franklin', 'clockmaker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 562/1262 [03:08<04:45,  2.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 562/1262 [03:08<04:45,  2.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 564/2846529 [03:09<265:26:20,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 564/2846529 [03:09<265:26:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white clouds', 'meat', 'they eat a lot of food', 'a city in the middle of the water']
questions ['What kind of clouds are these?', 'What food do these animals eat?', 'What do these animals eat?', 'Which city is this?'] predictions ['white clouds', 'meat', 'they eat a lot of food', 'a city in the middle of the water'] gold_answers ['cirrus', 'fish', 'cat food', 'sydney']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 563/1262 [03:09<04:44,  2.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 563/1262 [03:09<04:44,  2.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 565/2846529 [03:09<265:32:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 565/2846529 [03:09<265:32:14,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['clay', 'walking', 'one serving', 'crest']
questions ['What kind of surface is this girl playing on?', 'What is this man doing that is good for his health?', 'How many servings a day should be consumed of the food type in the bowl?', 'Is the riding the crest or trough?'] predictions ['clay', 'walking', 'one serving', 'crest'] gold_answers ['clay', 'walk', '3', 'crest']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 564/1262 [03:09<04:04,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 564/1262 [03:09<04:04,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 566/2846529 [03:09<265:22:11,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 566/2846529 [03:09<265:22:11,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a commuter train', 'he is a surf instructor', 'at 00:00', 'the clock is on the wall']
questions ['Name the model of train shown in this picture?', 'What profession does this man have?', 'What time does high tide start?', 'What time is it?'] predictions ['a commuter train', 'he is a surf instructor', 'at 00:00', 'the clock is on the wall'] gold_answers ['subway', 'surfer', '7pm', '17:58']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 565/1262 [03:09<04:04,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 565/1262 [03:09<04:04,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 567/2846529 [03:10<265:23:27,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 567/2846529 [03:10<265:23:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a restaurant', 'chicago', 'a siamese', 'the ocean']
questions ['What place is this?', 'Which city is famous for this food?', 'What breed of cat is this?', 'What ocean are these surfers in?'] predictions ['a restaurant', 'chicago', 'a siamese', 'the ocean'] gold_answers ['restaurant', 'chicago', 'siamese', 'pacific']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 566/1262 [03:10<03:59,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 566/1262 [03:10<03:59,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 568/2846529 [03:10<265:22:50,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 568/2846529 [03:10<265:22:51,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a gas stove', 'airplane', 'bluebird', 'trains']
questions ['What kind of stove do they have?', 'What mode of transportation uses this terminal?', 'What is the appropriate name for this bird?', 'During the great depression homeless people that hitched rides on this were said to be riding what?'] predictions ['a gas stove', 'airplane', 'bluebird', 'trains'] gold_answers ['electric', 'bus', 'bluejay', 'rail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 567/1262 [03:10<03:43,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 567/1262 [03:10<03:43,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 569/2846529 [03:10<265:17:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 569/2846529 [03:10<265:17:16,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chevy', 'henry lucas', 'burrito', 'navy']
questions ['What brand of truck is this?', 'Who invented the material that this bench is made from?', 'What genre of food is this?', 'Which branch of the military is this?'] predictions ['chevy', 'henry lucas', 'burrito', 'navy'] gold_answers ['chevrolet', 'romans', 'mexican', 'navy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 568/1262 [03:10<03:49,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 568/1262 [03:10<03:49,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 570/2846529 [03:11<265:18:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 570/2846529 [03:11<265:18:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['for a few minutes', 'the ground', 'blue and white', 'a flower']
questions ['How long have these people been gone?', 'Name the place where the monkey is sitting in this picture?', 'What are some of the more usual colors for courts where this game is played?', 'What is in that vase on the table?'] predictions ['for a few minutes', 'the ground', 'blue and white', 'a flower'] gold_answers ['1 hour', 'beach', 'green', 'flower']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 569/1262 [03:10<03:42,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 569/1262 [03:10<03:42,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 571/2846529 [03:11<265:15:34,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 571/2846529 [03:11<265:15:35,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['arugula', 'to get to the bus stop', 'female', 'the polar bear']
questions ['Name the vegetable shown?', 'Why might they be pushing this vehicle?', 'Is this animal male or female?', 'What movie is this animal famous in?'] predictions ['arugula', 'to get to the bus stop', 'female', 'the polar bear'] gold_answers ['beet', 'dead battery', 'female', 'revenant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 570/1262 [03:11<03:42,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 570/1262 [03:11<03:42,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 572/2846529 [03:11<265:14:38,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 572/2846529 [03:11<265:14:39,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['They use elevators', 'digits', 'it is being used as a decoration', 'canvas']
questions ['How do individuals get from one floor to another inside these buildings?', 'What type of numerals are on the clock?', 'What is this orange being used for?', 'Name the material which is used to make these shoes shown in this picture?'] predictions ['They use elevators', 'digits', 'it is being used as a decoration', 'canvas'] gold_answers ['elevator', 'roman', 'decoration', 'rubber']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 571/1262 [03:11<03:54,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 571/1262 [03:11<03:54,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 573/2846529 [03:12<265:18:20,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 573/2846529 [03:12<265:18:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1889', "valentine's day", 'many', 'giraffes']
questions ['When was this rain protection item invented?', 'What holiday do you think this is?', 'How many deaths occur due to accidents involving the type of transportation shown here?', 'What farm animal are these zebras related to?'] predictions ['1889', "valentine's day", 'many', 'giraffes'] gold_answers ['1852', 'thanksgiving', 'many', 'horse']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 572/1262 [03:11<03:51,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 572/1262 [03:11<03:51,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 574/2846529 [03:12<265:17:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 574/2846529 [03:12<265:17:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tie', 'hot dogs', 'a street with buildings', 'square']
questions ['What clothing accessory is missing in the right most photo?', 'What food is being sold?', 'What street is he snowboarding down?', 'What shape are the floor tiles?'] predictions ['tie', 'hot dogs', 'a street with buildings', 'square'] gold_answers ['tie', 'hot dog', 'main', 'square']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 573/1262 [03:12<03:43,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 573/1262 [03:12<03:43,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 575/2846529 [03:12<265:14:21,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 575/2846529 [03:12<265:14:22,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['galley', 'it means a birthday', 'to transport people', 'the bench']
questions ['What is the kitchen on ship known as?', 'What does a gift like this usually mean?', 'What is the purpose of this vehicle?', 'Which oscar winning movie prominently features a character sitting on one of these?'] predictions ['galley', 'it means a birthday', 'to transport people', 'the bench'] gold_answers ['galley', 'i love you', 'transportation', 'forest gump']

Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 574/1262 [03:12<03:37,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 574/1262 [03:12<03:37,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 576/2846529 [03:13<265:11:10,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 576/2846529 [03:13<265:11:10,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bright lights', 'They were roasted', 'a motorcycle', 'elephants']
questions ['What kind of lights are used in this train car?', 'How were these vegetables cooked?', 'What is the three whelled vehicle in the picture called?', 'What kind of animal is this?'] predictions ['bright lights', 'They were roasted', 'a motorcycle', 'elephants'] gold_answers ['flourescent', 'steamed', 'tricycle', 'elephant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 575/1262 [03:12<03:27,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 575/1262 [03:12<03:27,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 577/2846529 [03:13<265:05:45,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 577/2846529 [03:13<265:05:46,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the ocean', 'spring', 'a light switch', 'a robin']
questions ['What ocean is being surfed?', 'What season is this?', 'What type of switch is on the wall?', 'What breed of bird is that?'] predictions ['the ocean', 'spring', 'a light switch', 'a robin'] gold_answers ['atlantic', 'spring', 'light', 'robin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 576/1262 [03:13<03:26,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 576/1262 [03:13<03:26,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 578/2846529 [03:13<265:02:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 578/2846529 [03:13<265:02:42,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the tin woodman', 'excited', 'arctic fox', 'it eats seeds']
questions ['In what disney movie was the pictured creature and container used for good luck?', 'Is this dog jumping because he is excited or angry?', 'What cola company has a polar bear as a mascot?', 'What food does this animal eat?'] predictions ['the tin woodman', 'excited', 'arctic fox', 'it eats seeds'] gold_answers ['pinocchio', 'excited', 'coco cola', 'seed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 577/1262 [03:13<03:31,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 577/1262 [03:13<03:31,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 579/2846529 [03:14<265:01:52,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 579/2846529 [03:14<265:01:53,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a coach', 'they are dangerous', 'denim', 'the navy']
questions ['What is the person leaning on the wall called?', 'Why do people need to stand back when one of these transportations approaches?', "What material is this man's shorts made out of?", 'What military branch to the men in the picture belong to?'] predictions ['a coach', 'they are dangerous', 'denim', 'the navy'] gold_answers ['ball girl', 'danger', 'denim', 'navy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 578/1262 [03:13<03:17,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 578/1262 [03:13<03:17,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 580/2846529 [03:14<264:54:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 580/2846529 [03:14<264:54:28,  2.98it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['silk', 'a tabby', 'to garnish', 'lunch']
questions ['What is the tie made of?', 'What is the name for a cat that looks like this one?', 'Why is the green grassy food item on top for?', 'Would you say this is lunch or dinner?'] predictions ['silk', 'a tabby', 'to garnish', 'lunch'] gold_answers ['silk', 'calico', 'garnish', 'lunch']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 579/1262 [03:13<03:13,  3.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 579/1262 [03:13<03:13,  3.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 581/2846529 [03:14<264:49:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 581/2846529 [03:14<264:49:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lake', 'a news show', 'a city', 'right']
questions ['Name the place where you can see the duck swiming in this picture?', 'What type of show is playing on the tv?', 'Where in the world is this bus in?', 'Is the athlete right or left handed?'] predictions ['a lake', 'a news show', 'a city', 'right'] gold_answers ['pond', 'game show', 'great britain', 'left']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 580/1262 [03:14<03:11,  3.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 580/1262 [03:14<03:11,  3.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 582/2846529 [03:14<264:44:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 582/2846529 [03:14<264:44:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toaster oven', 'college dorm', 'in a park', 'supermarket']
questions ['What is the name of this type of small oven?', 'In which type of room facility is this young man standing in?', 'Where would you find this machinery?', 'What place of business is this?'] predictions ['toaster oven', 'college dorm', 'in a park', 'supermarket'] gold_answers ['toaster oven', 'dorm', 'construction site', 'grocery store']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 581/1262 [03:14<03:08,  3.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 581/1262 [03:14<03:08,  3.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 583/2846529 [03:15<264:38:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 583/2846529 [03:15<264:38:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the wind', 'double decker bus', 'chess', 'dusk']
questions ['What causes the waves in the background?', 'What type of bus?', 'What game are the two men playing?', 'Was this photo taken at dusk or dawn?'] predictions ['the wind', 'double decker bus', 'chess', 'dusk'] gold_answers ['wind', 'double decker', 'chess', 'dawn']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 582/1262 [03:14<03:06,  3.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 582/1262 [03:14<03:06,  3.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 584/2846529 [03:15<264:33:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 584/2846529 [03:15<264:33:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a backpack', 'a sphere', 'scissors', 'over a century']
questions ['What kind of bag is the cat sitting down on?', "Ufo's are associated with this shape?", 'What cutting device is shown?', 'This animal has been known to be a pet to humans for how long?'] predictions ['a backpack', 'a sphere', 'scissors', 'over a century'] gold_answers ['backpack', 'saucer', 'scissor', '10000 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 583/1262 [03:15<03:06,  3.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 583/1262 [03:15<03:06,  3.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 585/2846529 [03:15<264:28:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 585/2846529 [03:15<264:28:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['leather', 'a teddy bear store', 'sprite', 'a vacuum']
questions ['What material might the red article in the foreground be made of?', 'What storefront is this picture from?', 'What famous beverage brand uses this animal in their advertisements?', 'What item is used to clean that sporting equipment?'] predictions ['leather', 'a teddy bear store', 'sprite', 'a vacuum'] gold_answers ['canvas', 'build bear', 'coke', 'wax']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 584/1262 [03:15<03:27,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 584/1262 [03:15<03:27,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 586/2846529 [03:16<264:32:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 586/2846529 [03:16<264:32:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['parking', 'a robin', 'venus and venus', 'shoes']
questions ['What is it for?', 'What is the name of the bird on top of the animal?', 'What famous american sisters play this sport?', 'What are the cats reaching for in this photo?'] predictions ['parking', 'a robin', 'venus and venus', 'shoes'] gold_answers ['warn', 'zebra finch', 'williams', 'treat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 585/1262 [03:15<03:26,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 585/1262 [03:15<03:26,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 587/2846529 [03:16<264:29:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 587/2846529 [03:16<264:29:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not to do anything', 'the brakes', 'when you are outside', 'queen size bed']
questions ['When you see this sign what is it telling you to do or not do?', 'What part of a car is used when obeying this sign?', 'What is the child holding and when might you use it?', 'What size and model of bed is that?'] predictions ['not to do anything', 'the brakes', 'when you are outside', 'queen size bed'] gold_answers ['do not enter', 'brake', 'umbrella rain', 'queen']

Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 586/1262 [03:16<03:19,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 586/1262 [03:16<03:19,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 588/2846529 [03:16<264:24:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 588/2846529 [03:16<264:24:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a drum', 'giraffes', 'a flat screen television', 'natural']
questions ['What musical instrument does this bus remind you of?', 'What type of animal are known for loving the fruit hanging above the rest?', 'What kind of television is in this room?', 'Is this sport played on a natural or manmade surface?'] predictions ['a drum', 'giraffes', 'a flat screen television', 'natural'] gold_answers ['accordion', 'monkey', 'flat screen', 'natural']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 587/1262 [03:16<03:20,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 587/1262 [03:16<03:20,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 589/2846529 [03:16<264:21:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 589/2846529 [03:16<264:21:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['laying down', 'a backhand', 'wood', 'accordion']
questions ['What position is the person in?', 'What type of swing is this tennis player doing?', 'What is this statue made of?', 'What musical instrument is the woman in the red hat playing?'] predictions ['laying down', 'a backhand', 'wood', 'accordion'] gold_answers ['lie down', 'overhand', 'copper', 'accordion']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 588/1262 [03:16<03:14,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 588/1262 [03:16<03:14,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 590/2846529 [03:17<264:16:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 590/2846529 [03:17<264:16:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a building', 'This person is riding a wave', 'they are used for patients', 'sand']
questions ['What are these commonly building?', 'How do we know this is not a beginner?', 'What are the beds in this photo used for?', 'What type of surface is the vehicle driving on?'] predictions ['a building', 'This person is riding a wave', 'they are used for patients', 'sand'] gold_answers ['skyscraper', 'do trick', 'hospital', 'dirt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 589/1262 [03:16<03:27,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 589/1262 [03:16<03:27,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 591/2846529 [03:17<264:18:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 591/2846529 [03:17<264:18:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the united states', 'ikea', 'french', 'about 20 years']
questions ['What country does this sandwich originate from?', 'Where can you buy what he is using for a chair?', 'What language is that sign?', 'What is the average life span of these animals?'] predictions ['the united states', 'ikea', 'french', 'about 20 years'] gold_answers ['italy', 'home depot', 'french', '30 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 590/1262 [03:17<03:14,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 590/1262 [03:17<03:14,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 592/2846529 [03:17<264:10:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 592/2846529 [03:17<264:10:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['parakeet', 'a church', 'clay', 'You can make it by putting a layer of cheese on the pizza, then topping it']
questions ['What type of bird is this?', 'What type of building is this?', 'What surface is this person playing on?', 'How do you make this dish?'] predictions ['parakeet', 'a church', 'clay', 'You can make it by putting a layer of cheese on the pizza, then topping it'] gold_answers ['parakeet', 'castle', 'clay', 'bake']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 591/1262 [03:17<04:26,  2.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 591/1262 [03:17<04:26,  2.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 593/2846529 [03:18<264:36:13,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 593/2846529 [03:18<264:36:14,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['swans', 'white cloth', '1889', '50th birthday']
questions ['What type of bird is in the picture?', 'Which type of cloth is used on the table shown in this picture?', 'When was this item first invented?', 'Whose birthday is it?'] predictions ['swans', 'white cloth', '1889', '50th birthday'] gold_answers ['swan', 'cotton', '1973', 'mj']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 592/1262 [03:18<04:01,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 592/1262 [03:18<04:01,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 594/2846529 [03:18<264:31:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 594/2846529 [03:18<264:31:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dirt', 'at the train station', 'chinese', 'teddy bear']
questions ['What kind of environments do zebras live in?', 'Where do these vehicles stop?', 'What language are these characters written in?', 'What is the brand of bear?'] predictions ['dirt', 'at the train station', 'chinese', 'teddy bear'] gold_answers ['dry', 'train station', 'chinese', 'gund']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 593/1262 [03:18<03:48,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 593/1262 [03:18<03:48,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 595/2846529 [03:19<264:28:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 595/2846529 [03:19<264:28:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tennis racket', 'use a vacuum cleaner', 'no', 'panda']
questions ['What is the object called in the mans hand?', 'How do you clean this?', 'What is the c02 emmisions of that bus?', 'What kind of bear is this?'] predictions ['tennis racket', 'use a vacuum cleaner', 'no', 'panda'] gold_answers ['racket', 'vacuum', 'high', 'panda']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 594/1262 [03:18<03:39,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 594/1262 [03:18<03:39,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 596/2846529 [03:19<264:25:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 596/2846529 [03:19<264:25:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bench', 'horseback riding', 'the british', 'cargo']
questions ['The hooligan in this photo is breaking a rule that might damage what part of the park?', 'What sport might this animal be involved in?', 'What nationality is affiliated with this type of bread?', 'What does the train carry?'] predictions ['bench', 'horseback riding', 'the british', 'cargo'] gold_answers ['chain', 'race', 'english', 'good']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 595/1262 [03:19<03:32,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 595/1262 [03:19<03:32,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 597/2846529 [03:19<264:22:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 597/2846529 [03:19<264:22:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['acorn squash', 'a polarizer', 'in a field', 'soda']
questions ['What is the purple vegetable above the spaghetti squash?', 'What type of camera filter is this called?', 'Where is this photo taken?', 'What type of drink could be in the pitcher?'] predictions ['acorn squash', 'a polarizer', 'in a field', 'soda'] gold_answers ['eggplant', 'sepia', 'garden', 'soda']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 596/1262 [03:19<03:28,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 596/1262 [03:19<03:28,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 598/2846529 [03:19<264:19:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 598/2846529 [03:19<264:19:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cell phone', 'a surfer', 'fire hydrant', 'the mets']
questions ['What type of device is the woman holding in her hand?', 'In what position in surfing is the woman on the picture in?', 'What is the red item used for?', 'The batter here plays for what professional team?'] predictions ['cell phone', 'a surfer', 'fire hydrant', 'the mets'] gold_answers ['cell phone', 'kneel', 'extinguish fire', 'met']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 597/1262 [03:19<03:19,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 597/1262 [03:19<03:19,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 599/2846529 [03:20<264:14:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 599/2846529 [03:20<264:14:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sharks', 'cherry tree', 'a pc', 'zebra']
questions ['What kind of animals could make these guys fearful?', 'Which kind of tree is shown in this photo?', 'What model computer is this?', 'What animal is this?'] predictions ['sharks', 'cherry tree', 'a pc', 'zebra'] gold_answers ['shark', 'cherry blossom', 'desktop', 'zebra']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 598/1262 [03:19<03:18,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 598/1262 [03:19<03:18,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 600/2846529 [03:20<264:11:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 600/2846529 [03:20<264:11:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no sign', 'it is made with a cracker and cheese', '0', 'flour']
questions ['How many of these signs are there in the united states?', 'How is this made?', 'How many calories does the orange fruit have?', 'What ingredient is used in the crust?'] predictions ['no sign', 'it is made with a cracker and cheese', '0', 'flour'] gold_answers ['0', 'bake', '20', 'flour']

Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 599/1262 [03:20<03:45,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 599/1262 [03:20<03:45,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 601/2846529 [03:20<264:19:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 601/2846529 [03:20<264:19:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wyndham', 'san francisco', 'a bird seed', 'the uk']
questions ['What is the brand name of this place?', 'In which city is this baseball team to which the batter belongs based?', 'What would you feed this?', 'What parts of the world also use this style of architecture?'] predictions ['wyndham', 'san francisco', 'a bird seed', 'the uk'] gold_answers ['hilton', 'chicago', 'seed', 'europe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 600/1262 [03:20<03:41,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 600/1262 [03:20<03:41,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 602/2846529 [03:21<264:18:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 602/2846529 [03:21<264:18:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cardinal', 'in london', 'a black and white jacket', 'ricky henry']
questions ['What kind of bird is this?', 'Where is this ferris wheel?', 'What is the brand and style of ski jacket that the person is wearing?', 'Who is famous for this?'] predictions ['cardinal', 'in london', 'a black and white jacket', 'ricky henry'] gold_answers ['cardinal', 'amusement park', 'north face', 'tony hawk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 601/1262 [03:20<03:40,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 601/1262 [03:20<03:40,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 603/2846529 [03:21<264:18:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 603/2846529 [03:21<264:18:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['articular cartilage', 'pigeon', 'a stuffed animal', 'nintendo']
questions ['This tennis player comes to the clinic for elbow pain what anatomic structure has she likely injured?', 'What kind of bird is that?', 'What is the toy the little boy is holding?', 'What company manufactured the video game system being played here?'] predictions ['articular cartilage', 'pigeon', 'a stuffed animal', 'nintendo'] gold_answers ['elbow', 'pigeon', 'phone', 'nintendo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 602/1262 [03:21<03:34,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 602/1262 [03:21<03:34,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 604/2846529 [03:21<264:15:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 604/2846529 [03:21<264:15:59,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nuthatch', 'not mentioned', 'birds', 'he is a beginner']
questions ['What bird is at the feeder?', 'What brand motorcycle is the man riding on?', 'The cage around the suet helps ward off what creatures?', 'What is the skill level of this skier?'] predictions ['nuthatch', 'not mentioned', 'birds', 'he is a beginner'] gold_answers ['finch', 'honda', 'squirrel', 'beginner']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 603/1262 [03:21<03:34,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 603/1262 [03:21<03:34,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 605/2846529 [03:22<264:15:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 605/2846529 [03:22<264:15:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['past', 'police', 'donuts', 'toilet, sink, and a handrail']
questions ['Is this picture taken in the past or present?', 'What job do these vehicles serve?', 'What type of pastries are in the plastic container?', 'What objects are found usually in this room?'] predictions ['past', 'police', 'donuts', 'toilet, sink, and a handrail'] gold_answers ['past', 'police', 'donuts', 'toilet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 604/1262 [03:22<03:50,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 604/1262 [03:22<03:50,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 606/2846529 [03:22<264:21:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 606/2846529 [03:22<264:21:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pendant lamp', 'cake', 'a home computer user', 'clock']
questions ['What kind of lamp is this?', 'What is the main ingredient in this meal?', "What type of computer user fits this desk's layout?", 'What large circular object is this?'] predictions ['a pendant lamp', 'cake', 'a home computer user', 'clock'] gold_answers ['chandelier', 'flour', 'student', 'clock']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 605/1262 [03:22<03:40,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 605/1262 [03:22<03:40,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 607/2846529 [03:22<264:18:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 607/2846529 [03:22<264:18:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skier', 'boating', 'a cat', 'louis vuitton']
questions ['What is the person riding called?', 'What type of sport is shown?', 'What animal are the animals in the picture known for not getting along with?', 'Who is the designer of the purse this kitten is inside of?'] predictions ['a skier', 'boating', 'a cat', 'louis vuitton'] gold_answers ['ski', 'row', 'cat', 'louis vuitton']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 606/1262 [03:22<03:38,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 606/1262 [03:22<03:38,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 608/2846529 [03:23<264:18:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 608/2846529 [03:23<264:18:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pancakes', 'the olympics', 'pine trees', 'it can go very high']
questions ['What style breakfast is this?', 'What tennis championships are held on clay courts?', 'What kind of trees are shown?', 'How high can a kite go?'] predictions ['pancakes', 'the olympics', 'pine trees', 'it can go very high'] gold_answers ['continental', 'wimbledon', 'evergreen', '50 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 607/1262 [03:22<03:42,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 607/1262 [03:22<03:42,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 609/2846529 [03:23<264:19:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 609/2846529 [03:23<264:19:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they mix it with wine', 'owls', 'taking off', 'a restaurant that serves food']
questions ['How do they make the type of drink inside the glass cup?', 'What animals see in these colors?', 'What is this plane doing?', 'What type of resturaunt are these cooks at?'] predictions ['they mix it with wine', 'owls', 'taking off', 'a restaurant that serves food'] gold_answers ['grape', 'dog', 'take off', 'hibachi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 608/1262 [03:23<03:38,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 608/1262 [03:23<03:38,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 610/2846529 [03:23<264:18:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 610/2846529 [03:23<264:18:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fruit', 'okra, kale, carrots, scallions, tomatoes, onions', 'English', 'a dog']
questions ['What food group do these belong to?', 'What ingredients do i need to make this?', 'In what language is the background advertisement being shown in?', 'What kind of dog is in the picture?'] predictions ['fruit', 'okra, kale, carrots, scallions, tomatoes, onions', 'English', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['fruit', 'tomato', 'spanish', 'husky']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 609/1262 [03:23<04:40,  2.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 609/1262 [03:23<04:40,  2.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 611/2846529 [03:24<264:43:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 611/2846529 [03:24<264:43:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are fried', 'scissors', 'east', 'the 1990s']
questions ['How are the two eggs on the plate prepared?', 'What is the handled item used for?', 'Is lincoln av east or west?', 'What decade is this photo likely taken?'] predictions ['they are fried', 'scissors', 'east', 'the 1990s'] gold_answers ['fried', 'cut', 'east', '1990']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 610/1262 [03:24<04:09,  2.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 610/1262 [03:24<04:09,  2.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 612/2846529 [03:24<264:38:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 612/2846529 [03:24<264:38:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white shirt', 'a teddy bear', 'saskatchewan', 'a tennis court']
questions ['What kind of shirt is this girl wearing?', 'What animal does this toy represent?', 'Where in canada is this?', 'Where was this game played at?'] predictions ['white shirt', 'a teddy bear', 'saskatchewan', 'a tennis court'] gold_answers ['tank top', 'bear', 'alberta', 'tennis court']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 611/1262 [03:24<04:02,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 611/1262 [03:24<04:02,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 613/2846529 [03:25<264:39:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 613/2846529 [03:25<264:39:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['It is opened by a lever', 'tall', 'carrot', 'a woman']
questions ['How is this type of fire hydrant opened?', 'How tall are these animals?', 'What family does this vegetable belong to?', 'What type of soldier does this uniform belong to?'] predictions ['It is opened by a lever', 'tall', 'carrot', 'a woman'] gold_answers ['wrench', '15 feet', 'carrot', 'army']

Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 612/1262 [03:24<03:58,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 612/1262 [03:24<03:58,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 614/2846529 [03:25<264:41:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 614/2846529 [03:25<264:41:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['soda', 'it is fun and interactive', 'in the mountains', 'a ball']
questions ['What type of drink is pictured?', 'What are the benefits to playing the type of game shown here?', 'Where would you find this kind of scene?', 'Apart from this toy which other item does these animal like to fetch?'] predictions ['soda', 'it is fun and interactive', 'in the mountains', 'a ball'] gold_answers ['coke', 'exercise', 'mountain', 'ball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 613/1262 [03:25<03:44,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 613/1262 [03:25<03:44,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 615/2846529 [03:25<264:38:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 615/2846529 [03:25<264:38:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lily pads', 'in the air', 'provide power', 'sailboats']
questions ['What food does this animal eat?', 'Where is the tennis ball?', 'What do the wires connected to the bus do?', 'What category of water craft are these?'] predictions ['lily pads', 'in the air', 'provide power', 'sailboats'] gold_answers ['bug', 'in air', 'power', 'sailboat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 614/1262 [03:25<03:29,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 614/1262 [03:25<03:29,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 616/2846529 [03:26<264:33:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 616/2846529 [03:26<264:33:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['vitamin c', 'a mirrorless camera', 'a beer', 'white']
questions ['What vitamin does this fruit give?', 'What type of camera is the guy using?', 'What type of beer is that?', 'What type of flowers are in the picture?'] predictions ['vitamin c', 'a mirrorless camera', 'a beer', 'white'] gold_answers ['potassium', 'go pro', 'craft', 'daisy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 615/1262 [03:25<03:23,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 615/1262 [03:25<03:23,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 617/2846529 [03:26<264:30:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 617/2846529 [03:26<264:30:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a "strike"', 'cell phone', 'no', 'it is a game of skill']
questions ['What ritual allows sports fans to get up and stretch their legs when attending the event shown in this photo?', 'What kind of device is this?', 'What year these cell phones were made?', 'I wonder what is the skill level of this game?'] predictions ['a "strike"', 'cell phone', 'no', 'it is a game of skill'] gold_answers ['wave', 'phone', '2003', 'high']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 616/1262 [03:26<03:31,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 616/1262 [03:26<03:31,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 618/2846529 [03:26<264:31:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 618/2846529 [03:26<264:31:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a computer monitor', 'corn', 'in a city', 'tetracycline']
questions ['What type of monitor is displayed?', 'What is in the grain food group?', 'Where is this building located?', 'What is the active ingredient in this?'] predictions ['a computer monitor', 'corn', 'in a city', 'tetracycline'] gold_answers ['lcd', 'corn', 'europe', 'fluoride']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 617/1262 [03:26<03:30,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 617/1262 [03:26<03:30,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 619/2846529 [03:27<264:31:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 619/2846529 [03:27<264:31:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in europe', 'the philippines', 'to be used as a bench', 'happiness']
questions ['Where can you see this culture?', 'In what country did this food originate?', "What's the purpose of the cubes in the picture?", 'Is this person expressing happiness or anger?'] predictions ['in europe', 'the philippines', 'to be used as a bench', 'happiness'] gold_answers ['pennsylvania', 'south america', 'sit', 'happiness']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 618/1262 [03:26<03:35,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 618/1262 [03:26<03:35,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 620/2846529 [03:27<264:32:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 620/2846529 [03:27<264:32:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wetsuits', 'a gift', 'a burger', 'a country in the middle east']
questions ['What material are the swim clothing the people are wearing made from?', 'What do these usually provide for children?', 'What kind of meat is inside the bread?', 'In what country are these animals in?'] predictions ['wetsuits', 'a gift', 'a burger', 'a country in the middle east'] gold_answers ['neoprene', 'comfort', 'bbq', 'ireland']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 619/1262 [03:27<03:39,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 619/1262 [03:27<03:39,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 621/2846529 [03:27<264:34:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 621/2846529 [03:27<264:34:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the ocean', 'mechanic', 'luggage', 'people']
questions ['In what body of water is this light house located?', 'What profession would you say this guy has?', 'What are these people rolling around?', 'Who rides this?'] predictions ['the ocean', 'mechanic', 'luggage', 'people'] gold_answers ['atlantic ocean', 'mechanic', 'cart', 'passenger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 620/1262 [03:27<03:15,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 620/1262 [03:27<03:15,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 622/2846529 [03:28<264:25:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 622/2846529 [03:28<264:25:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['elephant handler', 'it is watching tv', 'birds', 'bakery']
questions ['What is the handler of this animal known as?', "Why is this dog's ear out?", 'What do this animals eat?', 'What kind of restraurant is this?'] predictions ['elephant handler', 'it is watching tv', 'birds', 'bakery'] gold_answers ['mahout', 'listen', 'mice', 'deli']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 621/1262 [03:27<03:18,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 621/1262 [03:27<03:18,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 623/2846529 [03:28<264:24:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 623/2846529 [03:28<264:24:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['grass', 'bicycle wheels', 'to load and unload planes', 'pachyderms']
questions ['What sort of food would this animal eat?', 'Do the wheels seen here look more like bicycle wheels or monster truck wheels?', 'What is this place used for?', 'What word that starts with p might these elephants also be called?'] predictions ['grass', 'bicycle wheels', 'to load and unload planes', 'pachyderms'] gold_answers ['mice', 'bicycle', 'travel', 'pachyderm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 622/1262 [03:28<03:26,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 622/1262 [03:28<03:26,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 624/2846529 [03:28<264:25:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 624/2846529 [03:28<264:25:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['africa', 'the sea of gulf', 'candy canes', 'small boats']
questions ['What country could this zebra be found in?', 'Name the sea where the person is jumping in this picture?', 'What edible treat is in the glass?', 'What type of boat is displayed?'] predictions ['africa', 'the sea of gulf', 'candy canes', 'small boats'] gold_answers ['kenya', 'mediterranean', 'candy cane', 'canoe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 623/1262 [03:28<03:26,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 623/1262 [03:28<03:26,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 625/2846529 [03:29<264:24:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 625/2846529 [03:29<264:24:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a church', 'church', 'the army', 'older']
questions ['What type of church is that?', 'What type of building is this room located in?', 'What team is playing the baseball game?', 'What is the age range for this group?'] predictions ['a church', 'church', 'the army', 'older'] gold_answers ['christian', 'church', 'red sox', 'elderly']

Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 624/1262 [03:28<03:11,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 624/1262 [03:28<03:11,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 626/2846529 [03:29<264:18:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 626/2846529 [03:29<264:18:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['samsung', 'united kingdom', 'the phillies', 'fiat 500']
questions ['What brand is this microwave?', 'The colored object in this photo depicts a symbol of which country?', 'Who does he play for?', 'What style of car is in the red one?'] predictions ['samsung', 'united kingdom', 'the phillies', 'fiat 500'] gold_answers ['sharp', 'britain', 'em', 'sedan']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 625/1262 [03:28<03:11,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 625/1262 [03:28<03:11,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 627/2846529 [03:29<264:15:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 627/2846529 [03:29<264:15:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['air india', 'it is flying high', 'illegal', 'custom']
questions ['What is the airline company that manages the pictures flight?', 'How high do you think the kite is?', 'Is this legal or illegal?', 'Factory or custom?'] predictions ['air india', 'it is flying high', 'illegal', 'custom'] gold_answers ['jet airway', '100 feet', 'illegal', 'custom']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 626/1262 [03:29<03:05,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 626/1262 [03:29<03:05,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 628/2846529 [03:29<264:10:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 628/2846529 [03:29<264:10:47,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fried bananas', 'scrambled', 'to shade people from the sun', 'beans']
questions ['Name the dish which is prepared using these fruits?', 'What style are the eggs on the plate cooked?', 'What is the purpose of the umbrellas?', 'What is the name of the long green legumes shown here?'] predictions ['fried bananas', 'scrambled', 'to shade people from the sun', 'beans'] gold_answers ['banana bread', 'benedict', 'shade', 'snap pea']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 627/1262 [03:29<03:11,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 627/1262 [03:29<03:11,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 629/2846529 [03:30<264:10:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 629/2846529 [03:30<264:10:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['private', 'a race car bed', 'slap shot', 'helmets']
questions ['Is this a public or private school?', 'What kind of bed is this in the photo?', "When the batter strategically taps the ball like this it's called a what?", 'The kids on skateboards are wearing what kind of safety gear?'] predictions ['private', 'a race car bed', 'slap shot', 'helmets'] gold_answers ['private', 'car', 'bunt', 'helmet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 628/1262 [03:29<03:10,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 628/1262 [03:29<03:10,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 630/2846529 [03:30<264:07:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 630/2846529 [03:30<264:07:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john f. kennedy', 'the pacific ocean', 'red wine', 'the sandlot']
questions ['Who invented the sport being played here?', 'What regions are this activity typically done in?', 'Is this red wine or grape juice?', 'At the end of which movie featuring dick van dyke does this activity occur?'] predictions ['john f. kennedy', 'the pacific ocean', 'red wine', 'the sandlot'] gold_answers ['abner doubleday', 'tropical', 'red wine', 'mary poppins']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 629/1262 [03:30<03:35,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 629/1262 [03:30<03:35,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 631/2846529 [03:30<264:15:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 631/2846529 [03:30<264:15:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carrots, celery, onions, and potatoes', 'dr seuss', 'meat', 'kite festival']
questions ['What vegetables should i eat everyday?', 'Which author created this character?', 'What is inside that sandwhich?', 'What event is this at?'] predictions ['carrots, celery, onions, and potatoes', 'dr seuss', 'meat', 'kite festival'] gold_answers ['carrot', 'dr seuss', 'meat', 'kite festival']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 630/1262 [03:30<03:53,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 630/1262 [03:30<03:53,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 632/2846529 [03:31<264:22:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 632/2846529 [03:31<264:22:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seagulls', 'yamaha', 'wash your hands', 'mouth']
questions ['What kind of bird is that?', 'What company made this vehicle?', 'What do you do in this room?', 'What body part are these sticks traditionally used to clean?'] predictions ['seagulls', 'yamaha', 'wash your hands', 'mouth'] gold_answers ['seagull', 'vespa', 'bathe', 'ear']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 631/1262 [03:31<03:34,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 631/1262 [03:31<03:34,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 633/2846529 [03:31<264:18:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 633/2846529 [03:31<264:18:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the uk', 'a diamond', 'They are skiing down the slopes', 'cleats']
questions ['In what part of the world are these a custom?', 'What shape is used to classify the difficult of this activity?', 'How do you know they are competing?', 'What kind of shoes is her wearing?'] predictions ['in the uk', 'a diamond', 'They are skiing down the slopes', 'cleats'] gold_answers ['europe', 'diamond', 'number', 'cleat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 632/1262 [03:31<03:36,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 632/1262 [03:31<03:36,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 634/2846529 [03:31<264:19:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 634/2846529 [03:31<264:19:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['street', 'white chairs', 'kitty cat', 'the philippines']
questions ['What style of skateboarding is depicted?', 'What types of seats are these?', 'What is most famous internet animal?', 'In what country can you see this?'] predictions ['street', 'white chairs', 'kitty cat', 'the philippines'] gold_answers ['freestyle', 'stool', 'cat', 'vietnam']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 633/1262 [03:31<03:32,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 633/1262 [03:31<03:32,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 635/2846529 [03:32<264:18:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 635/2846529 [03:32<264:18:32,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['penguin', 'fiction', 'a wheelchair', 'a city']
questions ['What breed of animal is on the picture?', 'What genre are these books?', "What type of disability does that vehicle's sign say it can accommodate?", 'What is this area of a town?'] predictions ['penguin', 'fiction', 'a wheelchair', 'a city'] gold_answers ['penguin', 'fiction', 'handicap', 'downtown']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 634/1262 [03:31<03:14,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 634/1262 [03:31<03:14,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 636/2846529 [03:32<264:11:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 636/2846529 [03:32<264:11:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plate of food', 'to transport people', 'to signal the train', 'they live for a long time']
questions ['What is this used for?', 'What are these trains used for?', 'What is the long tall white pole for?', 'How long do these animals live?'] predictions ['a plate of food', 'to transport people', 'to signal the train', 'they live for a long time'] gold_answers ['eat', 'transport', 'flag', '50 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 635/1262 [03:32<03:22,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 635/1262 [03:32<03:22,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 637/2846529 [03:32<264:13:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 637/2846529 [03:32<264:13:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['four stroke', 'american airlines', '1861', 'saddles with stirrups']
questions ['This motorcycle has what stroke engine?', 'What is the company name for this airplane?', 'When was this mode of transportation invented?', 'What style saddle are the riders using?'] predictions ['four stroke', 'american airlines', '1861', 'saddles with stirrups'] gold_answers ['4', 'boeing', '1886', 'western']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 636/1262 [03:32<03:27,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 636/1262 [03:32<03:27,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 638/2846529 [03:33<264:14:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 638/2846529 [03:33<264:14:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a border collie', 'about a hundred miles per hour', 'chocolate', 'trash']
questions ['What breed is the black and white animal next to the sheep?', 'How fast could you travel on this?', 'What flavor is the cake?', 'What goes in the container next to the benches?'] predictions ['a border collie', 'about a hundred miles per hour', 'chocolate', 'trash'] gold_answers ['border collie', 'very fast', 'chocolate', 'trash']

Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 637/1262 [03:32<03:31,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 637/1262 [03:32<03:31,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 639/2846529 [03:33<264:16:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 639/2846529 [03:33<264:16:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lamp', 'the top', 'motion sickness', 'a car park']
questions ['What is generally in the drawer next to the bed?', 'What part of the building is the person standing on?', 'Taking a ride on one of these may cause what kind of sickness?', 'What do we call a place like this with many cars?'] predictions ['a lamp', 'the top', 'motion sickness', 'a car park'] gold_answers ['bible', 'roof', 'sea', 'park lot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 638/1262 [03:33<03:18,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 638/1262 [03:33<03:18,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 640/2846529 [03:33<264:11:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 640/2846529 [03:33<264:11:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["tv show 'the tv show'", 'vitamin c', 'digestive system', 'stone walkway']
questions ['What tv show is this backpack from?', 'What vitamins does this vegetable contain?', 'The vegetables shown before you is good for which parts of the body?', 'What type of walkway is pictured?'] predictions ["tv show 'the tv show'", 'vitamin c', 'digestive system', 'stone walkway'] gold_answers ['dora explorer', 'vitamin c', 'heart', 'stone path']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 639/1262 [03:33<03:50,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 639/1262 [03:33<03:50,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 641/2846529 [03:34<264:22:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 641/2846529 [03:34<264:22:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['vietnam', 'desktop', 'cockatiels', 'a chemical process']
questions ['In what country would you find this hat?', 'Is this a desktop or laptop computer?', 'What type of breed are the two birds in the photo?', 'What process is used to make that umbrella green?'] predictions ['vietnam', 'desktop', 'cockatiels', 'a chemical process'] gold_answers ['vietnam', 'desktop', 'parrot', 'dye']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 640/1262 [03:34<03:36,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 640/1262 [03:34<03:36,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 642/2846529 [03:34<264:20:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 642/2846529 [03:34<264:20:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['green', 'a hot dog', 'about 30 minutes', 'tug boat']
questions ['What color is the skin of the vegetable used to make these fried sticks?', 'What kind of sandwhich is that?', 'How long would it usually take to bake this kind of cake?', 'What kind of boat is this?'] predictions ['green', 'a hot dog', 'about 30 minutes', 'tug boat'] gold_answers ['brown', 'chicken', '2 hours', 'tug']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 641/1262 [03:34<03:21,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 641/1262 [03:34<03:21,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 643/2846529 [03:34<264:15:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 643/2846529 [03:34<264:15:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the lower back', 'rubber', 'the navy', 'wood flooring']
questions ['What part of this back does this pillow support?', 'Name the material used to make this ball shown in this picture?', 'What branch of the military is this woman from?', 'Name the flooring type shown in this picture?'] predictions ['the lower back', 'rubber', 'the navy', 'wood flooring'] gold_answers ['lower', 'rubber', 'army', 'hardwood']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 642/1262 [03:34<03:06,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 642/1262 [03:34<03:06,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 644/2846529 [03:35<264:09:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 644/2846529 [03:35<264:09:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a canoe', 'russian', 'you put your clothes inside these bags', 'a tree']
questions ['What type of boat is this?', 'What language is on the sign?', 'What do you put inside these bags?', 'What type of trees are growing in this photo?'] predictions ['a canoe', 'russian', 'you put your clothes inside these bags', 'a tree'] gold_answers ['canoe', 'russian', 'cloth', 'cherry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 643/1262 [03:34<03:16,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 643/1262 [03:34<03:16,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 645/2846529 [03:35<264:10:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 645/2846529 [03:35<264:10:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a boat', 'to watch the water', 'they are broken', 'gasoline']
questions ['What kind of craft is pulling the two people?', 'What reason might one have for sitting here?', 'What is the reason for piling these appliances up in the parking lot?', 'What type of fuel does this vehicle use?'] predictions ['a boat', 'to watch the water', 'they are broken', 'gasoline'] gold_answers ['speedboat', 'relax', 'trash', 'diesel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 644/1262 [03:35<03:08,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 644/1262 [03:35<03:08,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 646/2846529 [03:35<264:06:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 646/2846529 [03:35<264:06:12,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['Because they are touching each other', 'logs', 'the army', 'the southwestern part of the united states']
questions ['Why would we suspect that these bears are male and female?', 'Name the kind of wood stored in this picture?', 'What military branch is she in?', 'These animals are found in what area of the world?'] predictions ['Because they are touching each other', 'logs', 'the army', 'the southwestern part of the united states'] gold_answers ['kiss', 'fire', 'army', 'north america']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 645/1262 [03:35<03:28,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 645/1262 [03:35<03:28,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 647/2846529 [03:36<264:12:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 647/2846529 [03:36<264:12:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dirt bike racing', 'a mouse', 'to make a quilt', 'john f kennedy']
questions ['What kind of sport is this bike used for?', 'This furred creature is likely to chase what lover of cheese?', 'What type of project do these items need to be used?', 'Who is this famously named after?'] predictions ['dirt bike racing', 'a mouse', 'to make a quilt', 'john f kennedy'] gold_answers ['motocross', 'mouse', 'sew', 'teddy roosevelt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 646/1262 [03:36<03:42,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 646/1262 [03:36<03:42,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 648/2846529 [03:36<264:18:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 648/2846529 [03:36<264:18:01,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sandals', 'a school bus', 'concrete', 'in a food truck']
questions ['What kind of shoes are in this picture?', 'What is parked along the curb?', 'Name the material used to make this sitting bench shown in this picture?', 'Where is this food served?'] predictions ['sandals', 'a school bus', 'concrete', 'in a food truck'] gold_answers ['wedge', 'bus', 'granite', 'food truck']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 647/1262 [03:36<03:30,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 647/1262 [03:36<03:30,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 649/2846529 [03:36<264:15:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 649/2846529 [03:36<264:15:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1950s', 'banana bread', 'in a home office', 'drum']
questions ['In what decade was this machine invented?', 'What is she making?', 'Where would you find these items?', 'Which instrument is on the floor?'] predictions ['1950s', 'banana bread', 'in a home office', 'drum'] gold_answers ['1900', 'mashed banana', 'office', 'guitar']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 648/1262 [03:36<03:23,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 648/1262 [03:36<03:23,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 650/2846529 [03:37<264:13:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 650/2846529 [03:37<264:13:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['female', 'hamburgers', 'halters', 'riding horses']
questions ['Would a male or female use this bag?', 'What kind of food does the restaurant on the sign serve?', 'What are the ropes on their faces called?', 'What are these people doing?'] predictions ['female', 'hamburgers', 'halters', 'riding horses'] gold_answers ['female', 'fast food', 'harness', 'ride horse']

Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 649/1262 [03:36<03:07,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 649/1262 [03:36<03:07,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 651/2846529 [03:37<264:07:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 651/2846529 [03:37<264:07:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['silk', 'two', 'stir fry', 'ram']
questions ['What is this wedding dress made from?', 'How many burners does this stove top have?', 'What kind of food is this?', 'What model is the car?'] predictions ['silk', 'two', 'stir fry', 'ram'] gold_answers ['silk', '4', 'stir fry', 'ford']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 650/1262 [03:37<02:51,  3.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 650/1262 [03:37<02:51,  3.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 652/2846529 [03:37<263:58:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 652/2846529 [03:37<263:58:37,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a van', 'desert', 'john dillinger', 'dough']
questions ['What mini van is that?', 'What kind of climate do you typically find these?', 'Which serial killer operated an establishment such as this?', 'What are these pastries made of?'] predictions ['a van', 'desert', 'john dillinger', 'dough'] gold_answers ['honda', 'desert', 'norman bate', 'dough']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 651/1262 [03:37<02:59,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 651/1262 [03:37<02:59,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 653/2846529 [03:38<263:58:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 653/2846529 [03:38<263:58:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['hotel', 'elephant', 'folding chair', "in the early 1900's"]
questions ['Does this look more like a home or a hotel?', 'Why animal is this artifact modeled on?', 'What kind of chair is the tennis player sitting in?', 'When was this type of vehicle created?'] predictions ['hotel', 'elephant', 'folding chair', "in the early 1900's"] gold_answers ['hotel', 'elephant', 'fold', '1885']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 652/1262 [03:37<03:05,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 652/1262 [03:37<03:05,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 654/2846529 [03:38<263:57:35,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 654/2846529 [03:38<263:57:36,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['kingfisher', 'california', 'it is a sandwich', 'parking']
questions ['What is the name of the beer?', 'In which us states are these fruits commonly grown?', 'Why is this food on that type of paper?', 'What does the blue p represent?'] predictions ['kingfisher', 'california', 'it is a sandwich', 'parking'] gold_answers ['kingfish', 'florida', 'sandwich', 'pay here']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 653/1262 [03:38<03:08,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 653/1262 [03:38<03:08,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 655/2846529 [03:38<263:56:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 655/2846529 [03:38<263:56:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the passengers', 'india', 'john mcdonald', 'a cell phone with a headset']
questions ['Who rides in this?', 'What country is this bus in?', 'Who invented these items?', 'What kind of cell phone does this person have?'] predictions ['the passengers', 'india', 'john mcdonald', 'a cell phone with a headset'] gold_answers ['passenger', 'india', 'bill gate', 'nokia']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 654/1262 [03:38<03:20,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 654/1262 [03:38<03:20,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 656/2846529 [03:39<263:59:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 656/2846529 [03:39<263:59:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lodge', 'brussels sprouts', 'white', 'fresh water']
questions ['What building might this be found in?', 'What kind of recipes could one make with this?', 'What is the plate made out of?', 'Is this fresh water or salt water?'] predictions ['a lodge', 'brussels sprouts', 'white', 'fresh water'] gold_answers ['hotel', 'salad', 'ceramic', 'fresh']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 655/1262 [03:38<03:19,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 655/1262 [03:38<03:19,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 657/2846529 [03:39<263:59:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 657/2846529 [03:39<263:59:21,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cranial', 'by using a photoshop program', 'sit', 'north']
questions ['Which item shown here is a compound word derived from the name of the human cranium and the telephone?', 'How were these two photos combined into one image?', 'What do people do in these brown objects?', 'Which direction would i turn to drive to go to casper?'] predictions ['cranial', 'by using a photoshop program', 'sit', 'north'] gold_answers ['headphone', 'photoshop', 'sit', 'left']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 656/1262 [03:39<03:23,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 656/1262 [03:39<03:23,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 658/2846529 [03:39<264:00:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 658/2846529 [03:39<264:00:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rubber', 'denim', 'a sled', 'chuckie']
questions ['What are his tires made out of?', 'What kind of material are these short made from?', 'What item is the woman in this photo pulling her luggage on?', 'Does this look more like chuckie or the characters from the dark crystal?'] predictions ['rubber', 'denim', 'a sled', 'chuckie'] gold_answers ['rubber', 'denim', 'sled', 'dark crystal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 657/1262 [03:39<03:16,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 657/1262 [03:39<03:16,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 659/2846529 [03:40<263:58:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 659/2846529 [03:40<263:58:11,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['public transportation', 'it is very long', 'a speed boat', 'american']
questions ['This type of transportation is used primarily for what purpose?', "How long is this animal's neck?", 'What kind of boat is this?', 'What nationality is this food?'] predictions ['public transportation', 'it is very long', 'a speed boat', 'american'] gold_answers ['commute', '6 feet', 'speed', 'american']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 658/1262 [03:39<03:06,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 658/1262 [03:39<03:06,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 660/2846529 [03:40<263:53:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 660/2846529 [03:40<263:53:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to wipe down the toilet', 'blue', 'the water is shallow', 'sam savage']
questions ['What is the paper used for?', 'What is the complimentary color of the light in the top right corner?', 'What keeps these boats from sinking?', 'What is the most famous professional athlete of this sport who is african american?'] predictions ['to wipe down the toilet', 'blue', 'the water is shallow', 'sam savage'] gold_answers ['wipe', 'green', 'buoyancy', 'seba johnson']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 659/1262 [03:40<03:14,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 659/1262 [03:40<03:14,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 661/2846529 [03:40<263:55:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 661/2846529 [03:40<263:55:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['willow', 'black and white', 'greens, nuts, broccoli, and beans', 'ice cream']
questions ['What type of tree is this guy under?', 'What colors are shown in this photo?', 'What ingredients were used to make this food?', 'What is likely being sold from this truck?'] predictions ['willow', 'black and white', 'greens, nuts, broccoli, and beans', 'ice cream'] gold_answers ['oak', 'black and white', 'vegetable', 'ice cream']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 660/1262 [03:40<03:29,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 660/1262 [03:40<03:29,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 662/2846529 [03:41<264:00:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 662/2846529 [03:41<264:00:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['golden retriever', 'a bicycle lock', 'black pants', 'a banana']
questions ['What breed are the dogs?', 'To secure this two wheeled conveyance seen here on the street what sort of metal item is needed?', 'What kind of pants is the woman wearing?', 'What object is this?'] predictions ['golden retriever', 'a bicycle lock', 'black pants', 'a banana'] gold_answers ['golden retriever', 'lock', 'jean', 'marker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 661/1262 [03:40<03:16,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 661/1262 [03:40<03:16,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 663/2846529 [03:41<263:56:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 663/2846529 [03:41<263:56:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are a travel company', 'it is a passenger train', 'rodeo', 'stir fry']
questions ['What does the company do that is advertised on the side of the train?', 'What does this train carry?', 'Ralph lauren famously depicts what sport which requires riding the animal depicted in this picture?', 'Name the dish for which these ingredients used?'] predictions ['they are a travel company', 'it is a passenger train', 'rodeo', 'stir fry'] gold_answers ['virgin', 'people', 'polo', 'stirfry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 662/1262 [03:41<03:15,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 662/1262 [03:41<03:15,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 664/2846529 [03:41<263:55:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 664/2846529 [03:41<263:55:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the u.s. open', 'a jump', 'cooked', 'Photoshop']
questions ['What is the name of the famous tournament for this sport?', 'What trick is this person doing?', 'Is this food cooked or raw?', 'What program can i used to make my photos look like this one?'] predictions ['the u.s. open', 'a jump', 'cooked', 'Photoshop'] gold_answers ['wimbledon', 'jump', 'cooked', 'photoshop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 663/1262 [03:41<03:20,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 663/1262 [03:41<03:20,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 665/2846529 [03:42<263:57:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 665/2846529 [03:42<263:57:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['by using a red filter', 'making smoothies', 'white', '19th century']
questions ['How was the red highlights on this black and white photo made?', 'What is the blender for?', 'What color is the ball for the sport being shown is?', 'What century is this?'] predictions ['by using a red filter', 'making smoothies', 'white', '19th century'] gold_answers ['photoshop', 'smoothie', 'green', '20th']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 664/1262 [03:41<03:19,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 664/1262 [03:41<03:19,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 666/2846529 [03:42<263:56:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 666/2846529 [03:42<263:56:52,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they will receive a certification in culinary arts', 'beer', 'black cat', 'alcoholic beverages']
questions ['What certification will these people receive?', 'What type of drink is likely in these bottles?', 'What kind of cat is this?', 'What type of beverages are served here?'] predictions ['they will receive a certification in culinary arts', 'beer', 'black cat', 'alcoholic beverages'] gold_answers ['chef', 'beer', 'black', 'alcohol']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 665/1262 [03:42<03:31,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 665/1262 [03:42<03:31,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 667/2846529 [03:42<264:01:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 667/2846529 [03:42<264:01:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chicken', 'to read a magazine', 'a cruise ship', 'a fire hydrant']
questions ['What well known farm animal produces an ingredient that goes into this food item?', 'What is the stuffed animal being used for?', 'Is this an airport a train station or a cruise ship?', 'What is spewing out water?'] predictions ['chicken', 'to read a magazine', 'a cruise ship', 'a fire hydrant'] gold_answers ['cow', 'bookmark', 'cruise ship', 'fire hydrant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 666/1262 [03:42<03:26,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 666/1262 [03:42<03:26,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 668/2846529 [03:43<264:01:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 668/2846529 [03:43<264:01:19,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wool', 'a pulled pork sandwich', 'switzerland', 'bright']
questions ['What warm clothing may be made from this animal?', 'What kind of sandwitch is this?', 'What mountain range is this?', 'What kind of lighting is this?'] predictions ['wool', 'a pulled pork sandwich', 'switzerland', 'bright'] gold_answers ['sweater', 'chicken', 'himalayas', 'fluorescent']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 667/1262 [03:42<03:17,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 667/1262 [03:42<03:17,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 669/2846529 [03:43<263:58:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 669/2846529 [03:43<263:58:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a wave', 'stainless steel', 'scissors', 'people who live in the city']
questions ['What shape is the water making?', 'What is the white pot on the stove top made out of?', 'Which object in the picture is described as sharp?', 'Who can use this type of transportation?'] predictions ['a wave', 'stainless steel', 'scissors', 'people who live in the city'] gold_answers ['wave', 'ceramic', 'scissor', 'anyone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 668/1262 [03:43<03:15,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 668/1262 [03:43<03:15,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 670/2846529 [03:43<263:58:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 670/2846529 [03:43<263:58:09,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chocolate', 'yes', 'bass', 'many people']
questions ['What food is this man preparing?', 'Are these people having fun or is the photo staged?', 'What fish are most commonly caught here?', 'How many people love this sport?'] predictions ['chocolate', 'yes', 'bass', 'many people'] gold_answers ['sushi', 'fun', 'bass', 'million']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 669/1262 [03:43<02:55,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 669/1262 [03:43<02:55,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 671/2846529 [03:43<263:50:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 671/2846529 [03:43<263:50:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the amazon', 'to protest', 'a black dog', 'dogs']
questions ['Is this the amazon or sahara?', 'Why would this person be holding this sign?', 'What kind of dog is staring out the window in the background?', 'Often used at slumber parties to fight with?'] predictions ['the amazon', 'to protest', 'a black dog', 'dogs'] gold_answers ['amazon', 'protest', 'boxer', 'pillow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 670/1262 [03:43<02:50,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 670/1262 [03:43<02:50,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 672/2846529 [03:44<263:45:25,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 672/2846529 [03:44<263:45:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['concrete', 'in a sandwich', 'a stove', 'it is running windows']
questions ['What do the two medium similar size buildings seem to be made of?', 'Where can this red vegetable be found?', 'Which kitchen appliance can this iron pot be place inside of to cook?', 'What operating system is that laptop running on?'] predictions ['concrete', 'in a sandwich', 'a stove', 'it is running windows'] gold_answers ['brick', 'garden', 'oven', 'window']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 671/1262 [03:43<02:47,  3.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 671/1262 [03:43<02:47,  3.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 673/2846529 [03:44<263:40:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 673/2846529 [03:44<263:40:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the giants', '18', 'a volkswagen beetle', 'he goes to the beach']
questions ['What is the name of the team?', 'What is the minimum age in the us to acquire a license for that vehicle?', 'What kind of car is shown?', 'The real live version of this toy does what in the winter?'] predictions ['the giants', '18', 'a volkswagen beetle', 'he goes to the beach'] gold_answers ['giant', '16', 'vw bug', 'hibernate']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 672/1262 [03:44<03:13,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 672/1262 [03:44<03:13,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 674/2846529 [03:44<263:47:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 674/2846529 [03:44<263:47:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a ski pole', 'john mcgwire', 'no one', 'rum']
questions ['Clint walker was impaled with one of these objects?', 'Name one person who was famous in this sport?', 'Who makes this tennis racket?', 'What ingredient in this picture is used for cocktails?'] predictions ['a ski pole', 'john mcgwire', 'no one', 'rum'] gold_answers ['ski pole', 'babe ruth', 'babolat', 'olives']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 673/1262 [03:44<03:17,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 673/1262 [03:44<03:17,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 675/2846529 [03:45<263:49:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 675/2846529 [03:45<263:49:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['soccer', 'a comb', 'a large yacht', 'catalunya']
questions ['What kind of sporting event is this?', 'What type of tool is she using for her hair?', 'What type of vessel is in the background?', 'What company do the men behind the bottles represent?'] predictions ['soccer', 'a comb', 'a large yacht', 'catalunya'] gold_answers ['soccer', 'brush', 'yacht', 'catalunya']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 674/1262 [03:44<03:11,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 674/1262 [03:44<03:11,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 676/2846529 [03:45<263:47:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 676/2846529 [03:45<263:47:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['couch', 'a jump serve', 'spring', 'arabic']
questions ['What is the item called in the photo that people may sit on?', 'What move is this considered?', 'What time of year is this?', 'What language is the lower text on the sign transcribed in?'] predictions ['couch', 'a jump serve', 'spring', 'arabic'] gold_answers ['couch', 'serve', 'spring', 'hindu']

Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 675/1262 [03:45<03:01,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 675/1262 [03:45<03:01,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 677/2846529 [03:45<263:42:36,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 677/2846529 [03:45<263:42:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toasted', 'a moose', 'It is a cake', 'a grocery store']
questions ['These sandwiches just got done doing what?', 'What wild mammals might interrupt this event?', 'How is this desert prepared?', 'Where might one buy this?'] predictions ['toasted', 'a moose', 'It is a cake', 'a grocery store'] gold_answers ['toast', 'bear', 'baked in oven', 'restaurant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 676/1262 [03:45<02:59,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 676/1262 [03:45<02:59,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 678/2846529 [03:46<263:40:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 678/2846529 [03:46<263:40:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'the mirror', 'a market', 'the united states']
questions ['How many calories will the person consumes if he eats all the donuts?', 'What makes it look like two people are here?', 'What venue in a city is this?', 'What country is this popular in?'] predictions ['a lot', 'the mirror', 'a market', 'the united states'] gold_answers ['1500', 'mirror', 'market', 'united state']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 677/1262 [03:45<02:48,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 677/1262 [03:45<02:48,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 679/2846529 [03:46<263:34:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 679/2846529 [03:46<263:34:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a passenger train', 'homicidal acts', 'because the light is reflected', 'frisbee']
questions ['What kind of cargo does that train carry?', 'Which act is prohibited according to the sign in this sign?', 'Why does light refraction cause these colors to appear?', 'What is this game called?'] predictions ['it is a passenger train', 'homicidal acts', 'because the light is reflected', 'frisbee'] gold_answers ['human', 'habitation', 'rainbow', 'disc golf']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 678/1262 [03:46<02:54,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 678/1262 [03:46<02:54,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 680/2846529 [03:46<263:33:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 680/2846529 [03:46<263:33:36,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is about to hit the ball', 'illegal', 'It is a giraffe', 'it is a delivery truck']
questions ['Why does the man in the red and gray have his arm out?', 'Is it legal or illegal to stop here?', 'Why does this animal not have to compete with most other grazers in its habitat?', 'What service does this truck provide?'] predictions ['he is about to hit the ball', 'illegal', 'It is a giraffe', 'it is a delivery truck'] gold_answers ['catch', 'illegal', 'long neck', 'move']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 679/1262 [03:46<03:08,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 679/1262 [03:46<03:08,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 681/2846529 [03:47<263:36:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 681/2846529 [03:47<263:36:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["70's", 'The child is on a skateboard', 'a farmer', 'it is a vintage train']
questions ["Based on the person's hair what decade is this photo from the 40's or 70's?", 'How do we know that someone athletic may live here?', 'What profession is this an example of?', 'How old is this train?'] predictions ["70's", 'The child is on a skateboard', 'a farmer', 'it is a vintage train'] gold_answers ["70's", 'skateboard', 'farm', '100 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 680/1262 [03:46<03:18,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 680/1262 [03:46<03:18,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 682/2846529 [03:47<263:40:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 682/2846529 [03:47<263:40:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it takes a few hours', 'window display', 'four', 'a surfboard']
questions ['How long does it take to learn this activity?', 'What is it called when props are arranged in front of windows like this?', 'What many sides does the sign have?', 'What might have knocked the child over?'] predictions ['it takes a few hours', 'window display', 'four', 'a surfboard'] gold_answers ['year', 'display', '8', 'wave']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 681/1262 [03:47<03:15,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 681/1262 [03:47<03:15,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 683/2846529 [03:47<263:39:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 683/2846529 [03:47<263:39:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['palm tree', 'a fighter jet', 'a, b, c, d, e, f, ', 'The picture has a blue tint to it']
questions ['What tree is pictured here?', 'What type of jet is this?', "What letters represent that person's chromosomes?", 'How do we know a filter was used to create this picture?'] predictions ['palm tree', 'a fighter jet', 'a, b, c, d, e, f, ', 'The picture has a blue tint to it'] gold_answers ['palm', 'fighter jet', 'dna', 'red color']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 682/1262 [03:47<04:09,  2.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 682/1262 [03:47<04:09,  2.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 684/2846529 [03:48<264:01:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 684/2846529 [03:48<264:01:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in antique stores', 'baby elephant', 'the keyboard', 'a train carrying coal']
questions ['Where can you buy this type of furniture?', 'What is the term for the young animal in the picture?', 'What part of the computer is this animal touching?', 'What type of cargo is thre train carrying?'] predictions ['in antique stores', 'baby elephant', 'the keyboard', 'a train carrying coal'] gold_answers ['furniture store', 'calf', 'keyboard', 'supply']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 683/1262 [03:48<03:46,  2.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 683/1262 [03:48<03:46,  2.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 685/2846529 [03:48<263:59:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 685/2846529 [03:48<263:59:16,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tetris', 'it would be used at night', 'pug', 'a sink']
questions ['What games makes use of the pattern shown here?', 'What time of day would someone typically use this?', 'What is the name of the breed of the dog holding onto the water bottle?', 'What is missing under the microwave?'] predictions ['tetris', 'it would be used at night', 'pug', 'a sink'] gold_answers ['checker', 'night', 'pug', 'stove']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 684/1262 [03:48<03:35,  2.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 684/1262 [03:48<03:35,  2.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 686/2846529 [03:49<263:58:44,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 686/2846529 [03:49<263:58:45,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['skateboards', 'carrots', 'new year', 'the british']
questions ['What are they riding?', 'What is the orange veggie on the plate?', 'What holiday is this card being created for?', 'From which culture does this food originate?'] predictions ['skateboards', 'carrots', 'new year', 'the british'] gold_answers ['skateboard', 'carrot', 'new year', 'america']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 685/1262 [03:48<03:22,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 685/1262 [03:48<03:22,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 687/2846529 [03:49<263:56:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 687/2846529 [03:49<263:56:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a sign of the planes flying in formation', 'parrots', 'bench', 'boxer']
questions ['What is the significance of the colored smoke in this photo?', 'What kind of birds are these?', 'What was the name of the piece of furniture they are sitting on?', 'What dog breed is this dog?'] predictions ['it is a sign of the planes flying in formation', 'parrots', 'bench', 'boxer'] gold_answers ['italian flag', 'parakeet', 'bench', 'boxer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 686/1262 [03:49<03:45,  2.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 686/1262 [03:49<03:45,  2.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 688/2846529 [03:49<264:06:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 688/2846529 [03:49<264:06:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about 10 years', 'tights', 'mustard', 'a bicycle']
questions ['How long does this animal typically live?', 'What are the white things this girl is wearing on her legs?', 'Is that horseradish or mustard?', 'What kind of bicycle is that?'] predictions ['about 10 years', 'tights', 'mustard', 'a bicycle'] gold_answers ['15 years', 'tight', 'horseradish', '10 speed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 687/1262 [03:49<03:19,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 687/1262 [03:49<03:19,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 689/2846529 [03:50<264:00:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 689/2846529 [03:50<264:00:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to help him balance', 'siamese', 'a few months', 'english']
questions ['What is the purpose of the item the man on the skateboard has strapped to his left arm?', 'What type of cat is this?', 'What is the gestation period for the animal pictured?', 'What language is written on the signs?'] predictions ['to help him balance', 'siamese', 'a few months', 'english'] gold_answers ['protection', 'siamese', '5 months', 'german']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 688/1262 [03:49<03:05,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 688/1262 [03:49<03:05,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 690/2846529 [03:50<263:56:14,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 690/2846529 [03:50<263:56:14,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a robin', 'teddy bear', '0', 'a scarf']
questions ['What kind of bird is that?', 'What kind of bear?', 'What is the calorie count for one individual pastry shown in the image?', 'What does the person skiing have covering her eyes?'] predictions ['a robin', 'teddy bear', '0', 'a scarf'] gold_answers ['finch', 'teddy', '200', 'goggle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 689/1262 [03:50<03:01,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 689/1262 [03:50<03:01,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 691/2846529 [03:50<263:53:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 691/2846529 [03:50<263:53:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a train station', 'a business trip', 'sink', 'united airlines']
questions ['What is being built here?', 'What type of excursion would use this?', 'What is the name of the fixture beside the toilet?', 'What airline is this flight?'] predictions ['a train station', 'a business trip', 'sink', 'united airlines'] gold_answers ['train station', 'vacation', 'bidet', 'united']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 690/1262 [03:50<02:53,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 690/1262 [03:50<02:53,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 692/2846529 [03:50<263:49:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 692/2846529 [03:50<263:49:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cat food', 'a farmers market', 'oven', 'a queen size bed']
questions ['What food does this animal eat?', 'What type of market does the woman work in?', 'What electronic appliance is this called?', 'What size of bed is this?'] predictions ['cat food', 'a farmers market', 'oven', 'a queen size bed'] gold_answers ['cat food', 'farmer', 'stove', 'queen']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 691/1262 [03:50<02:51,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 691/1262 [03:50<02:51,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 693/2846529 [03:51<263:46:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 693/2846529 [03:51<263:46:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['It is a pizza', 'The cat is curled up', 'asian', '320']
questions ['How is this food made?', 'How do we know this is not a reptile?', 'What culture do you believe made this food?', 'How many calories are in this meal?'] predictions ['It is a pizza', 'The cat is curled up', 'asian', '320'] gold_answers ['oven', 'fur', 'thai', '500']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 692/1262 [03:50<02:55,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 692/1262 [03:50<02:55,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 694/2846529 [03:51<263:46:20,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 694/2846529 [03:51<263:46:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['double decker bus', 'rubber', 'lettuce and celery', 'three']
questions ['What type of bus is this?', 'What are the tires made of?', 'What veggies are on this sandwich?', 'How many pieces of luggage are there?'] predictions ['double decker bus', 'rubber', 'lettuce and celery', 'three'] gold_answers ['double decker', 'rubber', 'lettuce', '3']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 693/1262 [03:51<02:48,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 693/1262 [03:51<02:48,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 695/2846529 [03:51<263:42:00,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 695/2846529 [03:51<263:42:00,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cloudy', 'the navy', 'a cloud', 'the sky is too cloudy']
questions ['What is the weather like?', 'What organization do these people belong to?', 'What attaches behind these objects?', 'Why do the buildings seem to be blurred?'] predictions ['cloudy', 'the navy', 'a cloud', 'the sky is too cloudy'] gold_answers ['overcast', 'military', 'trailer', 'smog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 694/1262 [03:51<02:53,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 694/1262 [03:51<02:53,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 696/2846529 [03:52<263:41:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 696/2846529 [03:52<263:41:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to store food', 'busy', 'they walked there', 'it is a large food item']
questions ['What is this applaince used for?', 'Is this busy or not busy?', 'How did the animals get there?', 'Why is timing of the essence when delivering this food item?'] predictions ['to store food', 'busy', 'they walked there', 'it is a large food item'] gold_answers ['freeze', 'busy', 'flew', 'temperature']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 695/1262 [03:51<03:00,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 695/1262 [03:51<03:00,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 697/2846529 [03:52<263:42:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 697/2846529 [03:52<263:42:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snowboarding', 'chef', 'coffee', 'sprite']
questions ['What activity is this?', 'What occupation is the mans?', 'What is the main ingredient in this food?', 'A beverage is represented here what brand is its opposite in the cola wars?'] predictions ['snowboarding', 'chef', 'coffee', 'sprite'] gold_answers ['snowboard', 'chef', 'flour', 'pepsi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 696/1262 [03:52<02:51,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 696/1262 [03:52<02:51,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 698/2846529 [03:52<263:38:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 698/2846529 [03:52<263:38:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about a day', 'texas', 'longhorn', 'it is too heavy to be a dump truck']
questions ['What is the typical battery life of this type of laptop?', 'What state is this likely in?', 'What breed of cattle are these?', 'How much does this truck weigh?'] predictions ['about a day', 'texas', 'longhorn', 'it is too heavy to be a dump truck'] gold_answers ['10 hours', 'texas', 'longhorn', '2 tons']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 697/1262 [03:52<03:13,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 697/1262 [03:52<03:13,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 699/2846529 [03:53<263:44:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 699/2846529 [03:53<263:44:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['black', 'about a year', 'night', 'small']
questions ['What type of cows are these?', 'How long do these animals live?', 'If you had to take a guess would you say it is day or night?', 'What size breed is this type of animal?'] predictions ['black', 'about a year', 'night', 'small'] gold_answers ['black angus', '15 years', 'day', 'small']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 698/1262 [03:52<03:01,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 698/1262 [03:52<03:01,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 700/2846529 [03:53<263:40:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 700/2846529 [03:53<263:40:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you cook', 'a tow truck', 'modern', 'vitamin c']
questions ['What do you do here?', 'What is needed to use this vehicle?', 'What style building is in the picture?', 'What nutrient is associated with the fruit seen here?'] predictions ['you cook', 'a tow truck', 'modern', 'vitamin c'] gold_answers ['cook', 'gasoline', 'skyscraper', 'potassium']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 699/1262 [03:53<02:56,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 699/1262 [03:53<02:56,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 701/2846529 [03:53<263:38:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 701/2846529 [03:53<263:38:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['kayak', 'tern', 'chevrolet', 'kale, radishes, and onions']
questions ['What is this type of water transportation called?', 'What is the name of this bird?', 'Which brand of car is shown in this picture?', 'What vegetables are pictured?'] predictions ['kayak', 'tern', 'chevrolet', 'kale, radishes, and onions'] gold_answers ['kayak', 'tern', 'chevy', 'kale']

Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 700/1262 [03:53<03:25,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 700/1262 [03:53<03:25,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 702/2846529 [03:54<263:48:42,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 702/2846529 [03:54<263:48:42,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brick', 'a fox', 'beagle', 'hummingbird']
questions ['What material in the blue and tan building made out of?', 'What species of bear is this?', 'What kind of dog is this?', 'What is the name of this small bird?'] predictions ['brick', 'a fox', 'beagle', 'hummingbird'] gold_answers ['concrete', 'brown bear', 'beagle', 'hummingbird']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 701/1262 [03:53<03:09,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 701/1262 [03:53<03:09,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 703/2846529 [03:54<263:44:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 703/2846529 [03:54<263:44:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a hamburger, cheese, lettuce, and a donut', 'kite flying', 'no brand', 'tusks']
questions ['What ingriedients is this bun made of?', 'What is going on?', 'What brand of cell phone is this?', 'What are the long objects hanging off of these animals called?'] predictions ['a hamburger, cheese, lettuce, and a donut', 'kite flying', 'no brand', 'tusks'] gold_answers ['donuts', 'kite fly', 'nokia', 'trunk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 702/1262 [03:54<03:38,  2.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 702/1262 [03:54<03:38,  2.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 704/2846529 [03:55<263:56:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 704/2846529 [03:55<263:56:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a commercial truck license', 'a mixture of sand and silica', 'crapo', 'in the tropics']
questions ['What kind of license do you need to operate this vehicle?', 'What is the chemical composition of the surface that this vehicle is on?', 'What derogatory word does one of these signs bring to mind?', 'Where is the type of bird shown in this photo typically found?'] predictions ['a commercial truck license', 'a mixture of sand and silica', 'crapo', 'in the tropics'] gold_answers ['cdl', 'h2o', 'crap', 'florida']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 703/1262 [03:54<03:50,  2.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 703/1262 [03:54<03:50,  2.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 705/2846529 [03:55<264:05:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 705/2846529 [03:55<264:05:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['leather', 'men', 'prison', 'jeans']
questions ['Which material is used for making the shoes weared by the person in the photo?', 'Who repairs these objects?', 'A person wearing this outfit has most likely escaped from where?', 'Which objects of clothing shown were most commonly worn in the 90s?'] predictions ['leather', 'men', 'prison', 'jeans'] gold_answers ['canvas', 'mechanic', 'prison', 'jean']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 704/1262 [03:55<03:13,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 704/1262 [03:55<03:13,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 706/2846529 [03:55<263:55:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 706/2846529 [03:55<263:55:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dragon fly', 'the elephant', 'domestic', 'the robot from the movie transformers']
questions ['Is that shaped more like a dragon fly or garfield?', 'What in this picture is most out of place?', 'Is this a domestic or wild cat?', 'What movie is the small robot in the background from?'] predictions ['dragon fly', 'the elephant', 'domestic', 'the robot from the movie transformers'] gold_answers ['dragon fly', 'elephant', 'domestic', 'wall e']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 705/1262 [03:55<03:13,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 705/1262 [03:55<03:13,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 707/2846529 [03:56<263:56:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 707/2846529 [03:56<263:56:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rural', 'cell phones', 'chopsticks', 'ice cream']
questions ['Is this a rural or urban enviroment?', 'What gadgets are the people in the photo using?', "What are the objects in this woman's hand used for?", 'What does this business sell?'] predictions ['rural', 'cell phones', 'chopsticks', 'ice cream'] gold_answers ['rural', 'cell phone', 'eat', 'ice cream']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 706/1262 [03:55<02:56,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 706/1262 [03:55<02:56,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 708/2846529 [03:56<263:50:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 708/2846529 [03:56<263:50:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stefan streicher', 'canvas', 'toilet', 'white and brown']
questions ['Who is a famous for this sport?', 'What material is the tent made of?', 'What is this bowl used for?', 'What type of cattle are these?'] predictions ['stefan streicher', 'canvas', 'toilet', 'white and brown'] gold_answers ['bode miller', 'vinyl', 'wash', 'cow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 707/1262 [03:56<03:05,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 707/1262 [03:56<03:05,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 709/2846529 [03:56<263:53:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 709/2846529 [03:56<263:53:51,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brick', 'tennis racket', 'a tennis court', 'black']
questions ['What is this building made of?', 'What is the sporting equipment called that the man has in his hand?', 'Can you guess the place where these people are playing?', 'What texture are the objects in the room?'] predictions ['brick', 'tennis racket', 'a tennis court', 'black'] gold_answers ['brick', 'racquet', 'tennis court', 'smooth']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 708/1262 [03:56<02:55,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 708/1262 [03:56<02:55,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 710/2846529 [03:56<263:49:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 710/2846529 [03:56<263:49:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is doing a trick', 'a floral pattern', 'a tennis ball', 'in a construction zone']
questions ['Why is he using knee pads?', 'What is the wallpaper in this picture showing?', 'What did this guy just hit?', 'Where would you see this type of sign?'] predictions ['he is doing a trick', 'a floral pattern', 'a tennis ball', 'in a construction zone'] gold_answers ['safety', 'flower', 'tennis ball', 'ice rink']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 709/1262 [03:56<03:00,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 709/1262 [03:56<03:00,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 711/2846529 [03:57<263:50:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 711/2846529 [03:57<263:50:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wind', 'a teddy bear', 'triangle', 'honda']
questions ['What force causes the kite to fly and the waves?', 'What kind of object is this?', 'What is the name of the shape of a stop sign?', 'What is a well known manufacturer of this vehicle?'] predictions ['wind', 'a teddy bear', 'triangle', 'honda'] gold_answers ['wind', 'teddy bear', 'octagon', 'harley davidson']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 710/1262 [03:57<03:04,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 710/1262 [03:57<03:04,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 712/2846529 [03:57<263:52:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 712/2846529 [03:57<263:52:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['northern', '1830', 'They are gathered around a cow', 'no brand']
questions ['What hemishere does this animal live in?', 'When was this type of vehicle invented?', 'What is up with these birds?', 'What brand is this flip phone?'] predictions ['northern', '1830', 'They are gathered around a cow', 'no brand'] gold_answers ['northern', '1800s', 'feed', 'nokia']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 711/1262 [03:57<03:11,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 711/1262 [03:57<03:11,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 713/2846529 [03:58<263:55:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 713/2846529 [03:58<263:55:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a. k. sato', 'police', 'male', 'spoon and fork']
questions ['Who invented the transportation device in this picture?', "Who is the bike rider's employer?", 'Is this a male or female of the species?', 'What other utensils are needed to consume the cake?'] predictions ['a. k. sato', 'police', 'male', 'spoon and fork'] gold_answers ['richard trevithick', 'police', 'male', 'fork']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 712/1262 [03:57<03:25,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 712/1262 [03:57<03:25,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 714/2846529 [03:58<264:01:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 714/2846529 [03:58<264:01:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a victorian style', 'seafood', 'its long neck', 'yeast']
questions ['What is this style of decorating called?', 'What food group does this main dish fall into?', 'What is the most distinct feature of this animal?', 'What rising agent is used to make the dough in these italian dishes?'] predictions ['a victorian style', 'seafood', 'its long neck', 'yeast'] gold_answers ['traditional', 'seafood', 'neck', 'yeast']

Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 713/1262 [03:58<03:21,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 713/1262 [03:58<03:21,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 715/2846529 [03:58<264:02:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 715/2846529 [03:58<264:02:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['18', 'hat', 'it is unknown', 'a chicken sandwich']
questions ['How old must you be to play this sport?', 'If his head covering consisted of only a brim that would be called a what?', 'What year was this car made?', 'What is this main dish?'] predictions ['18', 'hat', 'it is unknown', 'a chicken sandwich'] gold_answers ['5', 'visor', '2005', 'hamburger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 714/1262 [03:58<03:05,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 714/1262 [03:58<03:05,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 716/2846529 [03:59<263:58:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 716/2846529 [03:59<263:58:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to fly kites', 'tiger moth', 'a stove', 'it is a multicolored donut']
questions ['Why is this crowd assembled?', 'Which threatened insect is famously the same color as this train?', 'What appliance is in the background of this picture?', 'What flavor is this donut?'] predictions ['to fly kites', 'tiger moth', 'a stove', 'it is a multicolored donut'] gold_answers ['to fly kite', 'bee', 'microwave', 'vanilla']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 715/1262 [03:58<03:11,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 715/1262 [03:58<03:11,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 717/2846529 [03:59<264:01:40,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 717/2846529 [03:59<264:01:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1940s', 'lila', 'floral', 'three']
questions ['What time period might this be from?', 'What kind of plant is this?', 'What is the pattern on the fabric called?', 'How many numbers are on this item?'] predictions ['1940s', 'lila', 'floral', 'three'] gold_answers ["1940's", 'lavender', 'floral', '12']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 716/1262 [03:59<02:58,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 716/1262 [03:59<02:58,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 718/2846529 [03:59<263:57:28,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 718/2846529 [03:59<263:57:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lighthouse', 'salt and pepper', 'poodle', 'warm']
questions ['What is the red building called?', 'What could be used to season this meal?', 'What breed of dog is in the foreground?', 'What kind of climate do those trees flourish in?'] predictions ['lighthouse', 'salt and pepper', 'poodle', 'warm'] gold_answers ['lighthouse', 'salt', 'poodle', 'warm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 717/1262 [03:59<02:44,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 717/1262 [03:59<02:44,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 719/2846529 [03:59<263:51:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 719/2846529 [03:59<263:51:35,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he ran to the base', 'deliver packages', 'it is a train', 'a creamy cheese']
questions ['What did this runner do?', 'What will the truck do?', 'How does one operate this particular mode of transportation?', 'What type of cheese is on these vegetables?'] predictions ['he ran to the base', 'deliver packages', 'it is a train', 'a creamy cheese'] gold_answers ['score', 'deliver', 'bike', 'cheddar']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 718/1262 [03:59<02:48,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 718/1262 [03:59<02:48,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 720/2846529 [04:00<263:50:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 720/2846529 [04:00<263:51:00,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['international', 'a skateboard trick', 'to ski', 'medieval times']
questions ['Would this plane fly international or domestic routes?', 'What is this move called?', 'What are the group of people gathered to do?', 'What time period is the action pictured here based off of?'] predictions ['international', 'a skateboard trick', 'to ski', 'medieval times'] gold_answers ['international', 'ollie', 'ski', 'medieval']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 719/1262 [03:59<02:45,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 719/1262 [03:59<02:45,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 721/2846529 [04:00<263:48:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 721/2846529 [04:00<263:48:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['venus safina', 'hospital', 'the engine', 'to paddle']
questions ['Who is the richest athlete of this sport?', 'This photo was taken in which type of facility?', 'What part of the train is fully pictured here?', 'What purpose does the oar serve for this man?'] predictions ['venus safina', 'hospital', 'the engine', 'to paddle'] gold_answers ['serena williams', 'hospital', 'engine', 'steer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 720/1262 [04:00<02:56,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 720/1262 [04:00<02:56,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 722/2846529 [04:00<263:51:20,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 722/2846529 [04:00<263:51:20,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a vulture', 'a cell phone', '"shake it up"', 'i can use them for a bed']
questions ['What kind of bird is this?', 'What type of phone is the woman looking at?', 'Which yung lean music video features this type of vehicle or a vehicle similar to it?', 'What can i use these for?'] predictions ['a vulture', 'a cell phone', '"shake it up"', 'i can use them for a bed'] gold_answers ['hawk', 'flip phone', 'hoover', 'run']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 721/1262 [04:00<03:09,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 721/1262 [04:00<03:09,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 723/2846529 [04:01<263:56:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 723/2846529 [04:01<263:56:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a steam locomotive', 'cat food', 'You can use a hammer and nails to attach the flooring to the subfloor', 'robins']
questions ['Why does it blow white smoke?', 'What food does this animal eat?', 'How do you install this kind of flooring?', 'What kind of birds are those?'] predictions ['it is a steam locomotive', 'cat food', 'You can use a hammer and nails to attach the flooring to the subfloor', 'robins'] gold_answers ['steam', 'tuna', 'glue', 'robin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 722/1262 [04:01<03:58,  2.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 722/1262 [04:01<03:58,  2.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 724/2846529 [04:02<264:16:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 724/2846529 [04:02<264:16:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you can make a sourdough cake', 'a bug spray', 'a tie', 'in the united states']
questions ['How do i make the kind of cake in this photo?', 'What item shown might be used for pest control?', 'What is the man wearing round his neck?', 'Where did this sport originate?'] predictions ['you can make a sourdough cake', 'a bug spray', 'a tie', 'in the united states'] gold_answers ['bake', 'fly swatter', 'tie', 'california']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 723/1262 [04:01<04:00,  2.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 723/1262 [04:01<04:00,  2.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 725/2846529 [04:02<264:25:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 725/2846529 [04:02<264:25:08,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a router', 'football', 'a hat', 'a maximum of 125 pounds']
questions ['What connects these to the internet?', 'What sport could he be pretending to play?', 'What else can go with an umbrella?', 'How many pounds is this suitcase rated for?'] predictions ['a router', 'football', 'a hat', 'a maximum of 125 pounds'] gold_answers ['modem', 'golf', 'boot', '50']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 724/1262 [04:02<03:45,  2.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 724/1262 [04:02<03:45,  2.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 726/2846529 [04:02<264:26:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 726/2846529 [04:02<264:26:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is summer', 'orange', 'a snowboard', 'a pizza place']
questions ['What time of year is it?', 'What kind of fruit is the orange shape?', 'What is the man in that ad riding?', 'What restaurant serves this?'] predictions ['it is summer', 'orange', 'a snowboard', 'a pizza place'] gold_answers ['spring', 'orange', 'snowboard', 'italian']

Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 725/1262 [04:02<03:21,  2.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 725/1262 [04:02<03:21,  2.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 727/2846529 [04:03<264:22:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 727/2846529 [04:03<264:22:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jet', 'apples', 'paper airplane', 'one year old']
questions ['What is in the sky?', 'What fruit is used to make the beverage in the jugs?', 'Is that a flag or a big paper airplane?', 'How old is the baby?'] predictions ['a jet', 'apples', 'paper airplane', 'one year old'] gold_answers ['jet', 'apple', 'paper airplane', '8 months']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 726/1262 [04:02<03:00,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 726/1262 [04:02<03:00,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 728/2846529 [04:03<264:16:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 728/2846529 [04:03<264:16:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a scooter', 'they live for a long time', 'four', 'a few months']
questions ['What mode of transport does this dog enjoy?', 'How long do these animals live?', 'How many sides do these signs normally have?', 'At what age do these animals stop depending on their mothers for survival?'] predictions ['a scooter', 'they live for a long time', 'four', 'a few months'] gold_answers ['motorcycle', '10 years', '8', '1 year']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 727/1262 [04:03<03:02,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 727/1262 [04:03<03:02,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 729/2846529 [04:03<264:17:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 729/2846529 [04:03<264:17:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['place the fish on a plate and add the vegetables', 'kung fu panda', 'a pineapple', 'sheep']
questions ['How do i cook this?', 'What animated martial arts movie stars a bear just like this one in this image?', 'Name a piece of fruit that is the same color as the bowl in the bottom right corner?', 'What type of animals make material to make clothing?'] predictions ['place the fish on a plate and add the vegetables', 'kung fu panda', 'a pineapple', 'sheep'] gold_answers ['grill', 'kung fu panda', 'apple', 'sheep']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 728/1262 [04:03<03:21,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 728/1262 [04:03<03:21,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 730/2846529 [04:04<264:25:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 730/2846529 [04:04<264:25:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['3', 'bicycle', 'worms', 'wizzair']
questions ['What would you estimate her age to be?', 'Which is a form of transportation?', 'What kind of bait is used to catch this species?', 'What is the airline in the image?'] predictions ['3', 'bicycle', 'worms', 'wizzair'] gold_answers ['5', 'bicycle', 'worm', 'wizzair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 729/1262 [04:03<02:59,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 729/1262 [04:03<02:59,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 731/2846529 [04:04<264:19:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 731/2846529 [04:04<264:19:57,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wine', 'sunny', 'no', 'cooking']
questions ['What does this animal eat?', 'What kind of day is it?', 'Is this a scene from a korean chinese or japanese movie premiere?', 'What is this room mostly used for?'] predictions ['wine', 'sunny', 'no', 'cooking'] gold_answers ['cat food', 'cloudy', 'japanese', 'cook']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 730/1262 [04:03<02:35,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 730/1262 [04:03<02:35,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 732/2846529 [04:04<264:10:30,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 732/2846529 [04:04<264:10:31,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a microphone', 'red', 'a black suitcase', 'programming']
questions ['What is the man speaking into?', 'What is the complimentary color to the their socks?', 'What kind of suitcase is this?', "What's the person doing on their pc?"] predictions ['a microphone', 'red', 'a black suitcase', 'programming'] gold_answers ['microphone', 'blue', 'roll', 'code']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 731/1262 [04:04<02:32,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 731/1262 [04:04<02:32,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 733/2846529 [04:04<264:06:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 733/2846529 [04:04<264:06:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['jockeys', 'North America', 'a lifetime of over 50 years', 'the olympics']
questions ['What are the men in this picture called?', 'What continent is the person on?', 'What is the average lifespan of this animal?', 'What is the most important tennis tournament played on this surface?'] predictions ['jockeys', 'North America', 'a lifetime of over 50 years', 'the olympics'] gold_answers ['jockey', 'antarctica', '70 years', 'wimbeldon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 732/1262 [04:04<02:42,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 732/1262 [04:04<02:42,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 734/2846529 [04:05<264:08:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 734/2846529 [04:05<264:08:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chevrolet', 'they are small', 'trees', 'a horse drawn wagon']
questions ['Who makes that black truck?', 'How large are the gas tanks in these vehicles?', 'What do these animals eat?', 'What type of horse are these horses?'] predictions ['chevrolet', 'they are small', 'trees', 'a horse drawn wagon'] gold_answers ['suzuki', '5 gallons', 'leaf', 'clydesdale']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 733/1262 [04:04<02:41,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 733/1262 [04:04<02:41,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 735/2846529 [04:05<264:05:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 735/2846529 [04:05<264:05:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a field', 'it is a laptop', 'sunflowers', 'a fire hydrant']
questions ['Name the place where these cattle is shown in this picture?', 'How is the device to the right powered?', 'What type of flowers are in the field of this photo?', 'What is holding this dog here?'] predictions ['a field', 'it is a laptop', 'sunflowers', 'a fire hydrant'] gold_answers ['pasture', 'battery', 'sunflower', 'leash']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 734/1262 [04:05<02:44,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 734/1262 [04:05<02:44,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 736/2846529 [04:05<264:05:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 736/2846529 [04:05<264:05:07,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['placemats', 'heart', 'a street artist', 'a city in the middle of the city']
questions ['The squares of cloth under the plates are called what?', 'Can you guess to which part of body this dish is good?', 'Who drew the cartoon painting on the wall?', 'What city is shown?'] predictions ['placemats', 'heart', 'a street artist', 'a city in the middle of the city'] gold_answers ['placemats', 'eye', 'graffiti artist', 'tokyo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 735/1262 [04:05<02:58,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 735/1262 [04:05<02:58,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 737/2846529 [04:06<264:09:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 737/2846529 [04:06<264:09:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['typing', 'a pizza restaurant', 'red brick', 'the park department']
questions ['What is this person doing on the computer?', 'The chef is holding a pizza in the photo so what type of restaurant does this suggest he may be cooking at?', 'What is the floor made of?', 'Who made these types of areas the kids are playing in?'] predictions ['typing', 'a pizza restaurant', 'red brick', 'the park department'] gold_answers ['scroll', 'italian', 'brick', 'government']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 736/1262 [04:05<02:47,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 736/1262 [04:05<02:47,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 738/2846529 [04:06<264:05:38,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 738/2846529 [04:06<264:05:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a field', 'a fire hydrant', 'acacia', 'a dog']
questions ['Name the place where these cattle is shown in this picture?', 'What type of work is being done on this road?', 'From what plant is the beverage shown likely derived?', 'What type of dog is this?'] predictions ['a field', 'a fire hydrant', 'acacia', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['pasture', 'pave', 'coffee bean', 'bulldog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 737/1262 [04:06<02:49,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 737/1262 [04:06<02:49,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 739/2846529 [04:06<264:05:25,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 739/2846529 [04:06<264:05:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a bakery', '1889', '4th of july', 'in a city']
questions ['Where would you buy this food?', 'When were these weather protection devices invented?', 'What day is being celebrated?', 'What place does this vehicle stop?'] predictions ['in a bakery', '1889', '4th of july', 'in a city'] gold_answers ['bakery', '1852', '4th of july', 'station']

Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 738/1262 [04:06<02:50,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 738/1262 [04:06<02:50,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 740/2846529 [04:07<264:05:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 740/2846529 [04:07<264:05:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['art gallery', 'it is healthy', 'the queen mary', 'john mcdonnell']
questions ['What type of business is this?', 'How healthy is this dish?', 'What historical ship does this look like?', 'Who invented the object to the right of this photograph?'] predictions ['art gallery', 'it is healthy', 'the queen mary', 'john mcdonnell'] gold_answers ['art gallery', 'very', 'titanic', 'carl mage']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 739/1262 [04:06<02:54,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 739/1262 [04:06<02:54,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 741/2846529 [04:07<264:06:26,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 741/2846529 [04:07<264:06:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['right', 'it makes a purring sound', 'a white car', 'blue']
questions ['If the batter successfully hits the ball should they run to the left or to the right?', 'What noise does this animal make?', 'What kind of car is this?', 'What type of clouds are in the picture?'] predictions ['right', 'it makes a purring sound', 'a white car', 'blue'] gold_answers ['right', 'meow', 'volvo', 'cumulus']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 740/1262 [04:07<02:57,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 740/1262 [04:07<02:57,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 742/2846529 [04:07<264:07:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 742/2846529 [04:07<264:07:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the grass', 'nba', 'blue', 'champagne']
questions ["Where can't you park?", 'What company or organization does the logo on this racket represent?', 'What kind of lights are in this refrigerator?', 'What drink is in the glass?'] predictions ['in the grass', 'nba', 'blue', 'champagne'] gold_answers ['hydrant', 'wilson', 'led', 'champagne']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 741/1262 [04:07<02:46,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 741/1262 [04:07<02:46,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 743/2846529 [04:08<264:03:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 743/2846529 [04:08<264:03:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sneakers', 'they will live for a long time', 'it is a stuffed animal', 'oranges']
questions ['What type of shoes are on the persons feet?', 'How long will those flowers live in that vase?', 'How can you tell if this animal is alive or not?', 'Which of these fruits contains the highest concentration of water?'] predictions ['sneakers', 'they will live for a long time', 'it is a stuffed animal', 'oranges'] gold_answers ['sneaker', 'week', 'stuffed', 'orange']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 742/1262 [04:07<02:56,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 742/1262 [04:07<02:56,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 744/2846529 [04:08<264:06:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 744/2846529 [04:08<264:06:55,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['roosevelt park', 'a camera', 'black', 'a stray']
questions ['Named after theodore roosevelt?', 'What used to be used to capture images that has now been replaced by a function on cell phones?', 'What is the complimentary color to the foliage?', 'What breed it this cat?'] predictions ['roosevelt park', 'a camera', 'black', 'a stray'] gold_answers ['teddy bear', 'camera', 'blue', 'calico']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 743/1262 [04:08<03:06,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 743/1262 [04:08<03:06,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 745/2846529 [04:08<264:11:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 745/2846529 [04:08<264:11:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['shelter', 'The vehicle is yellow', 'pilot', 'orange']
questions ['What is the canopy used for?', 'How do we know one of these vehicles is driven by a professional driver that takes people where they want to go?', 'What do you call the person who flies the plane?', 'What is the complimentary color to the frisbee?'] predictions ['shelter', 'The vehicle is yellow', 'pilot', 'orange'] gold_answers ['shade', 'taxi', 'pilot', 'blue']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 744/1262 [04:08<02:53,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 744/1262 [04:08<02:53,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 746/2846529 [04:09<264:08:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 746/2846529 [04:09<264:08:05,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the people are skiing down a snowy slope', 'russia', 'the tennis player', 'a cub']
questions ['What is scary about this photo?', 'What country uses toilet like this?', 'Who is wearing eye protection in this picture?', 'What do you call a baby version of his animal?'] predictions ['the people are skiing down a snowy slope', 'russia', 'the tennis player', 'a cub'] gold_answers ['nothing', 'china', 'referee', 'cub']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 745/1262 [04:09<03:08,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 745/1262 [04:09<03:08,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 747/2846529 [04:09<264:14:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 747/2846529 [04:09<264:14:20,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a salad', 'little kids', 'seagulls', 'the bird']
questions ['What could you make with these?', 'Who should really use this?', 'What kind of birds are these?', 'Guess which object is organic?'] predictions ['a salad', 'little kids', 'seagulls', 'the bird'] gold_answers ['salad', 'adult', 'seagull', 'flower']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 746/1262 [04:09<02:53,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 746/1262 [04:09<02:53,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 748/2846529 [04:09<264:10:17,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 748/2846529 [04:09<264:10:18,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['roland garros', 'throwing a baseball', 'soccer', 'christmas']
questions ['What was the name of the tennis event played at this location at this time?', 'What is this person doing?', 'What sport does this child play?', 'What holiday is being celebrated?'] predictions ['roland garros', 'throwing a baseball', 'soccer', 'christmas'] gold_answers ['french open', 'pitch', 'soccer', 'christmas']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 747/1262 [04:09<02:47,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 747/1262 [04:09<02:47,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 749/2846529 [04:10<264:07:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 749/2846529 [04:10<264:07:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a living room', 'at a train station', 'he is on a boat', 'a lot']
questions ['What happens in this room?', 'What location do these vehicles stop?', 'Why is the man holding the umbrella?', 'What is a collective word representing the quantity of baked goods shown?'] predictions ['it is a living room', 'at a train station', 'he is on a boat', 'a lot'] gold_answers ['lounge', 'station', 'shade', 'dozen']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 748/1262 [04:09<02:50,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 748/1262 [04:09<02:50,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 750/2846529 [04:10<264:09:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 750/2846529 [04:10<264:09:00,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catcher', 'volkswagen', 'sarah henderson', 'to stop']
questions ['What position does the man with the bat play?', 'What brand vehicle is the blue white one?', "Who is the world's top female player of this sport?", 'What are the street lights communicating?'] predictions ['catcher', 'volkswagen', 'sarah henderson', 'to stop'] gold_answers ['hitter', 'volkswagen', 'mikaela shiffrin', 'traffic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 749/1262 [04:10<02:58,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 749/1262 [04:10<02:58,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 751/2846529 [04:10<264:11:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 751/2846529 [04:11<264:11:59,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['i am cutting it', 'a motor', 'shanghai university', 'a skateboard trick']
questions ['What am i doing to my hair?', "What's needed to make this object move?", 'What campus is this?', 'What is this trick called?'] predictions ['i am cutting it', 'a motor', 'shanghai university', 'a skateboard trick'] gold_answers ['cut', 'wind', 'college', 'ollie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 750/1262 [04:10<02:54,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 750/1262 [04:10<02:54,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 752/2846529 [04:11<264:11:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 752/2846529 [04:11<264:11:33,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['grass', "women's basketball", 'sun', 'grey']
questions ['What do these birds eat?', 'What type of game is this?', 'What is the very bright light called above the girls head in this photo?', 'What brand of shows are being worn?'] predictions ['grass', "women's basketball", 'sun', 'grey'] gold_answers ['seed', 'basketball', 'sun', 'nike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 751/1262 [04:10<02:43,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 751/1262 [04:10<02:43,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 753/2846529 [04:11<264:07:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 753/2846529 [04:11<264:07:43,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['southeast asia', 'falling off', 'canada', 'patriotic parade']
questions ['Are these elephants from india africa or southeast asia?', 'What are the potential dangers to riding the waves like in this photo?', 'What country is this airplane from?', 'What type of parade is this?'] predictions ['southeast asia', 'falling off', 'canada', 'patriotic parade'] gold_answers ['southeast asia', 'drown', 'canada', 'independence day']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 752/1262 [04:11<02:32,  3.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 752/1262 [04:11<02:32,  3.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 754/2846529 [04:11<264:02:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 754/2846529 [04:11<264:02:06,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['refrigerator', 'a park', 'a baseball player', 'palm tree']
questions ['What keeps things cold?', 'Can you name the place where these sport is played?', 'Who is top player in this sport?', 'What kind of tree is in the picture?'] predictions ['refrigerator', 'a park', 'a baseball player', 'palm tree'] gold_answers ['refrigerator', 'field', 'mike trout', 'palm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 753/1262 [04:11<02:27,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 753/1262 [04:11<02:27,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 755/2846529 [04:12<263:58:02,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 755/2846529 [04:12<263:58:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bowl', 'refrigerator', 'tater tots', 'a basket']
questions ['What is this cat laying in?', 'What is this silver appliance?', "What's the side dish to the hot dog?", 'What is the fruit in?'] predictions ['a bowl', 'refrigerator', 'tater tots', 'a basket'] gold_answers ['bowl', 'refrigerator', 'tater tot', 'basket']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 754/1262 [04:11<02:32,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 754/1262 [04:11<02:32,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 756/2846529 [04:12<263:57:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 756/2846529 [04:12<263:57:24,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['harley davidson', 'hot dog', 'living room', 'a keyboard']
questions ['Name the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What type of sandwich is this?', 'What room in the house is this typicaly located?', 'What is the object with the round top used for?'] predictions ['harley davidson', 'hot dog', 'living room', 'a keyboard'] gold_answers ['motorcycle', 'hotdog', 'live room', 'scroll']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 755/1262 [04:12<02:35,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 755/1262 [04:12<02:35,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 757/2846529 [04:12<263:56:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 757/2846529 [04:12<263:56:51,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a brick building', 'gravel', 'chinese', 'a child']
questions ['What is this style of architecture?', 'What is the ground made of?', 'The signs hanging between the buildings in the photo have what language on them?', 'Who usually plays with these?'] predictions ['a brick building', 'gravel', 'chinese', 'a child'] gold_answers ['brick', 'sand', 'chinese', 'kid']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 756/1262 [04:12<02:30,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 756/1262 [04:12<02:30,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 758/2846529 [04:13<263:53:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 758/2846529 [04:13<263:53:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a baseball team', 'a chihuahua', 'happy', 'infanto']
questions ['Who is playing?', 'What breed is this dog?', 'Is the lady in the middle of the older couple happy or scared?', 'What is the spanish word for a person in this age group?'] predictions ['a baseball team', 'a chihuahua', 'happy', 'infanto'] gold_answers ['lannan', 'husky', 'happy', 'bebe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 757/1262 [04:12<02:51,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 757/1262 [04:12<02:51,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 759/2846529 [04:13<263:59:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 759/2846529 [04:13<263:59:29,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['angels of death', 'night', 'It has been cut in half', 'a skateboard trick']
questions ['What sort of angels might these men be?', 'Is it day or night?', 'What has happened to this food?', 'What skateboard move is this?'] predictions ['angels of death', 'night', 'It has been cut in half', 'a skateboard trick'] gold_answers ['hell', 'night', 'bitten', 'jump']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 758/1262 [04:13<02:49,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 758/1262 [04:13<02:49,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 760/2846529 [04:13<263:59:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 760/2846529 [04:13<263:59:04,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rubber', 'a dog', 'a pizza with meat and cheese', 'she is trying to protect her dogs from the sun']
questions ['What are the tires made of?', 'What wild animal did this animal evolve from?', 'What other types of pizza could i have?', "Why is this lady using an umbrella if it's sunny?"] predictions ['rubber', 'a dog', 'a pizza with meat and cheese', 'she is trying to protect her dogs from the sun'] gold_answers ['rubber', 'wolf', 'mushroom', 'shade']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 759/1262 [04:13<03:03,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 759/1262 [04:13<03:03,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 761/2846529 [04:14<264:05:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 761/2846529 [04:14<264:05:15,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['shredded cheese', 'in the 1990s', 'a skateboarder', 'it is faster than driving']
questions ['What kind of cheese is on this pizza?', 'What year was this photo taken?', 'What might this be commenorating?', 'What are some benefits of using this type of transportation?'] predictions ['shredded cheese', 'in the 1990s', 'a skateboarder', 'it is faster than driving'] gold_answers ['mozzarella', '1970', 'skateboard', 'speed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 760/1262 [04:13<02:53,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 760/1262 [04:13<02:53,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 762/2846529 [04:14<264:03:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 762/2846529 [04:14<264:03:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['forest', 'legal', 'a car', 'a bus']
questions ['What habitat does this animal thrive in?', 'Is this illegal or legal?', 'What product is this advertising?', 'What is the shadow on the ground from?'] predictions ['forest', 'legal', 'a car', 'a bus'] gold_answers ['forest', 'illegal', 'car', 'bus']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 761/1262 [04:14<02:37,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 761/1262 [04:14<02:37,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 763/2846529 [04:14<263:57:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 763/2846529 [04:14<263:57:27,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['african', 'in a grill', 'düsseldorf', 'the sound of the clock']
questions ['Are these african or asian elephants?', 'Where was this made?', 'What german city is this in?', 'What sound is made every hour?'] predictions ['african', 'in a grill', 'düsseldorf', 'the sound of the clock'] gold_answers ['african', 'grill', 'berlin', 'chime']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 762/1262 [04:14<02:34,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 762/1262 [04:14<02:34,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 764/2846529 [04:15<263:55:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 764/2846529 [04:15<263:55:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a hummingbird', 'it is used for military purposes', 'chinese', 'it is grown in the jungle']
questions ['How fast does this birds heart beat?', 'What is this vehicle used for?', 'What language is spoken here?', 'How is this fruit grown?'] predictions ['it is a hummingbird', 'it is used for military purposes', 'chinese', 'it is grown in the jungle'] gold_answers ['extremely', 'construction', 'japanese', 'on tree']

Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 763/1262 [04:14<02:45,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 763/1262 [04:14<02:45,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 765/2846529 [04:15<263:58:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 765/2846529 [04:15<263:58:03,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sprite', 'night', 'nissan gsxr 750', 'john harrison']
questions ['What company makes the drink?', 'What time of day is it?', 'Which bike model is this?', 'Who infamously attempted to blow this building up?'] predictions ['sprite', 'night', 'nissan gsxr 750', 'john harrison'] gold_answers ['pepsi', 'night', 'honda', 'isis']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 764/1262 [04:15<03:08,  2.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 764/1262 [04:15<03:08,  2.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 766/2846529 [04:15<264:07:49,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 766/2846529 [04:15<264:07:50,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['legal', 'chef', 'a black and white cow', 'he is excited']
questions ['Is this legal or illegal?', "What is this person's profession?", 'What breed of cow is this?', 'What emotion is this man expressing?'] predictions ['legal', 'chef', 'a black and white cow', 'he is excited'] gold_answers ['legal', 'chef', 'angus', 'anger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 765/1262 [04:15<03:00,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 765/1262 [04:15<03:00,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 767/2846529 [04:16<264:07:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 767/2846529 [04:16<264:07:10,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a computer lab', 'concrete', 'a commercial truck license', 'a bakery']
questions ['Where might you find this?', 'What are these streets paved with?', 'What kind of license do you need to drive this?', 'What kind of bakery is this?'] predictions ['in a computer lab', 'concrete', 'a commercial truck license', 'a bakery'] gold_answers ['office', 'asphalt', 'cdl', 'italian']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 766/1262 [04:15<02:50,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 766/1262 [04:15<02:50,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 768/2846529 [04:16<264:04:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 768/2846529 [04:16<264:04:54,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a city', 'a small boat', 'in london', "mcdonald's"]
questions ['Where in the world are these buildings?', 'What type of boat is in this image?', 'Where can i go to see trams like this?', 'What does the red sign with the large m denote?'] predictions ['in a city', 'a small boat', 'in london', "mcdonald's"] gold_answers ['dubai', 'fish', 'san francisco', 'mcdonalds']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 767/1262 [04:16<02:55,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 767/1262 [04:16<02:55,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 769/2846529 [04:16<264:07:41,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 769/2846529 [04:16<264:07:42,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pickup truck', 'a domestic cat', 'a sandwich with a sandwich', 'teddy bear']
questions ['What model of vehicle is that?', 'What is the scientific name of the animal sleeping here?', 'What kind of sandwich is this cat eating?', 'What kind of bear?'] predictions ['a pickup truck', 'a domestic cat', 'a sandwich with a sandwich', 'teddy bear'] gold_answers ['ford', 'feline', 'tuna', 'teddy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 768/1262 [04:16<02:54,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 768/1262 [04:16<02:54,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 770/2846529 [04:17<264:08:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 770/2846529 [04:17<264:08:53,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a flower', 'it is a large commercial jet', 'white marble', 'cook']
questions ['What type of flower is this?', 'How many people fit in this type of vehicle?', 'What is the counter made of?', 'What does this object do?'] predictions ['a flower', 'it is a large commercial jet', 'white marble', 'cook'] gold_answers ['rose', 'hundred', 'formica', 'cook']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 769/1262 [04:17<02:54,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 769/1262 [04:17<02:54,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 771/2846529 [04:17<264:09:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 771/2846529 [04:17<264:09:58,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['woodpecker', 'motocross', 'a skateboard trick', 'it is smoked']
questions ['What type of bird is this?', 'What is the event associated with this type of bike?', 'What is the name of this move?', 'How is the fish in this dish prepared?'] predictions ['woodpecker', 'motocross', 'a skateboard trick', 'it is smoked'] gold_answers ['woodpecker', 'motocross', 'handstand', 'smoked']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 770/1262 [04:17<02:46,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 770/1262 [04:17<02:46,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 772/2846529 [04:17<264:07:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 772/2846529 [04:17<264:07:56,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['three', 'real', 'to sit', 'a clock']
questions ['In this game how many strikes until you are out?', 'Are these copies and fakes or are they real?', 'Why is this here?', 'What is pictured in the tallest part of the building?'] predictions ['three', 'real', 'to sit', 'a clock'] gold_answers ['3', 'real', 'sit', 'clock']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 771/1262 [04:17<02:31,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 771/1262 [04:17<02:31,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 773/2846529 [04:18<264:02:22,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 773/2846529 [04:18<264:02:23,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a salad', 'the purple cloth', 'firetruck', 'plastic']
questions ['Name the dish that can be prepared using this ingredients?', 'What helps the candles to glow?', 'Is this an ambulance or firetruck?', 'What is the blue eagle on the buffet made out of?'] predictions ['a salad', 'the purple cloth', 'firetruck', 'plastic'] gold_answers ['stir fry', 'wax', 'firetruck', 'ice']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 772/1262 [04:17<02:21,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 772/1262 [04:17<02:21,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 774/2846529 [04:18<263:56:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 774/2846529 [04:18<263:56:46,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['yes', 'cook', 'backpack', 'the last supper']
questions ['Gargoyles can often be found on these structures?', 'What can you do in this room?', 'What kind of carrying equipment is on the floor at the foot of the bed?', 'This technique of red against a sea of black and white was famously used in what movie about the holocaust?'] predictions ['yes', 'cook', 'backpack', 'the last supper'] gold_answers ['cathedral', 'cook', 'backpack', "schindler's list"]

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 773/1262 [04:18<02:23,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 773/1262 [04:18<02:23,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 775/2846529 [04:18<263:54:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 775/2846529 [04:18<263:54:42,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dome', 'sweet', 'a brick house', 'cheese, meat, and vegetables']
questions ['Name the type of architecture?', 'Is the fruit in this picture sweet or sour?', 'What kind of house is next to the stop sign?', 'What ingredients are used in this food?'] predictions ['dome', 'sweet', 'a brick house', 'cheese, meat, and vegetables'] gold_answers ['art deco', 'sour', 'apartment', 'cheese']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 774/1262 [04:18<02:33,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 774/1262 [04:18<02:33,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 776/2846529 [04:19<263:56:34,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 776/2846529 [04:19<263:56:34,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to the sand dunes', 'to charge people for parking', 'a fighter jet', 'a concert']
questions ['Where are these birds going?', 'What is the purpose of the meters?', 'What kind of plane is flying?', 'What appears to be showing on the television?'] predictions ['to the sand dunes', 'to charge people for parking', 'a fighter jet', 'a concert'] gold_answers ['south', 'park', 'bomber', 'color']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 775/1262 [04:18<02:38,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 775/1262 [04:18<02:38,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 777/2846529 [04:19<263:57:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 777/2846529 [04:19<263:57:39,  2.99it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['christmas', 'in skate shops', 'red brick', 'vitamin c']
questions ['Imagine this photo was taken in germany which european holiday do you think they are celebrating with lots of presents?', 'Where can the brand be purchased?', 'What is this style of house called?', 'What vitamin do these fruit give?'] predictions ['christmas', 'in skate shops', 'red brick', 'vitamin c'] gold_answers ['christmas', 'store', '2 story', 'c']

Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 776/1262 [04:19<02:27,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 776/1262 [04:19<02:27,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 778/2846529 [04:19<263:52:46,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 778/2846529 [04:19<263:52:46,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not enough information', 'mountainous', 'mouse', 'white']
questions ['What nationality is the child?', 'What type of land is this?', 'What is the name of the device used to click things on the computer?', 'What are the boards made of?'] predictions ['not enough information', 'mountainous', 'mouse', 'white'] gold_answers ['asian', 'mountain', 'mouse', 'fiberglass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 777/1262 [04:19<02:18,  3.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 777/1262 [04:19<02:18,  3.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 779/2846529 [04:19<263:47:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 779/2846529 [04:19<263:47:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['living room', 'american airlines', 'it is unknown', 'taxicabs']
questions ['What room of the house is this?', 'What airline is sponsored on this plane?', 'What year did this plane come out in?', 'In the united states of america which publich transportation are usually the color shown on that ca?'] predictions ['living room', 'american airlines', 'it is unknown', 'taxicabs'] gold_answers ['live room', 'american', '1980', 'taxi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 778/1262 [04:19<02:11,  3.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 778/1262 [04:19<02:11,  3.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 780/2846529 [04:20<263:41:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 780/2846529 [04:20<263:41:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are powered by the water', 'nike', 'donuts', 'dessert']
questions ['What is the source of power for these boats?', 'What brand makes this hat?', 'What bakery is this?', 'What part of the meal is a dish like this traditionally served at?'] predictions ['they are powered by the water', 'nike', 'donuts', 'dessert'] gold_answers ['steam', 'nike', 'dunkin donuts', 'dessert']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 779/1262 [04:19<02:19,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 779/1262 [04:19<02:19,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 781/2846529 [04:20<263:41:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 781/2846529 [04:20<263:41:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bare trees', 'in a store', 'unpacking', 'They are used to hold flowers']
questions ['What kind of trees are these?', 'Where was this bedspread bought?', 'Does this look like the owner of the suitcase is packing or unpacking?', 'What are these four white items usually used for?'] predictions ['bare trees', 'in a store', 'unpacking', 'They are used to hold flowers'] gold_answers ['pine tree', 'department store', 'pack', 'flower']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 780/1262 [04:20<02:24,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 780/1262 [04:20<02:24,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 782/2846529 [04:20<263:40:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 782/2846529 [04:20<263:40:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lily', 'a fox', 'a desert', 'pig']
questions ['What kind of plant is this?', 'What type of animal is likely to be hunted in the environment shown?', 'What kind of terrain are these horses in?', 'What animal does the meat in this picture come from?'] predictions ['a lily', 'a fox', 'a desert', 'pig'] gold_answers ['weed', 'duck', 'desert', 'pig']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 781/1262 [04:20<02:24,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 781/1262 [04:20<02:24,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 783/2846529 [04:21<263:38:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 783/2846529 [04:21<263:38:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pizza restaurant', 'she is happy', 'a building', 'a tomato']
questions ['What kind of restaurant are these people eating at?', 'Why the reaction what is the child thinking?', 'What place is this?', 'What is the red item called?'] predictions ['a pizza restaurant', 'she is happy', 'a building', 'a tomato'] gold_answers ['pizza', 'pain', 'museum', 'tomato']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 782/1262 [04:20<02:20,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 782/1262 [04:20<02:20,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 784/2846529 [04:21<263:35:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 784/2846529 [04:21<263:35:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not a train', '2 feet', 'it is at dusk', 'kitten']
questions ['What company is this train?', 'What is the length of each of the outer sides of this sign?', 'Why is this place so dark?', 'The baby form of this animal is known as what?'] predictions ['not a train', '2 feet', 'it is at dusk', 'kitten'] gold_answers ['virgin', '1 foot', 'sunset', 'kitten']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 783/1262 [04:21<02:25,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 783/1262 [04:21<02:25,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 785/2846529 [04:21<263:34:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 785/2846529 [04:21<263:34:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ham', 'flock', 'g', 'horns']
questions ['What kind of meat is presented here?', 'What is the name for a collective of these animals?', 'What does the giant g stand for on this laptop?', "What do these use to warn drivers they're coming?"] predictions ['ham', 'flock', 'g', 'horns'] gold_answers ['ham', 'flock', 'google', 'horn']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 784/1262 [04:21<02:16,  3.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 784/1262 [04:21<02:16,  3.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 786/2846529 [04:21<263:29:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 786/2846529 [04:21<263:29:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['teddy bear', 'summer', 'it is for a construction project', 'a frisbee']
questions ['The stuffed animal in the photo is called what kind of bear?', 'What time of year is this photo taken?', 'What is the purpose of the metal scaffolding on the side of this building?', 'What food does the animal eat?'] predictions ['teddy bear', 'summer', 'it is for a construction project', 'a frisbee'] gold_answers ['teddy', 'summer', 'fire escape', 'dog food']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 785/1262 [04:21<02:25,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 785/1262 [04:21<02:25,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 787/2846529 [04:22<263:30:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 787/2846529 [04:22<263:30:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['safe', 'the window', 'a ram', 'a blackberry']
questions ['Are the kids in danger or safe?', 'What is keeping the sun from shining in on the room?', 'What is the name of the most famous of these animals?', 'What kind of smartphone is this?'] predictions ['safe', 'the window', 'a ram', 'a blackberry'] gold_answers ['safe', 'curtain', 'sheep', 'iphone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 786/1262 [04:21<02:20,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 786/1262 [04:21<02:20,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 788/2846529 [04:22<263:27:00,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 788/2846529 [04:22<263:27:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a brown dog', 'a bicycle', 'dirt', 'at a ski resort']
questions ['What kind of dog is this?', 'Can you guess the model of bicycle shown in this picture?', "What is the ground made of that the giraffe's are standing on?", 'Where can you do this kind of activity?'] predictions ['a brown dog', 'a bicycle', 'dirt', 'at a ski resort'] gold_answers ['labrador retriever', 'schwinn', 'dirt', 'mountain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 787/1262 [04:22<02:21,  3.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 787/1262 [04:22<02:21,  3.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 789/2846529 [04:22<263:25:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 789/2846529 [04:22<263:25:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sailing', 'rice', 'no one', 'a giraffe']
questions ['What outdoor sport does this exemplify?', 'Which of the items in this tray contain protein?', 'Who makes that bike?', 'What animal sees in these colors?'] predictions ['sailing', 'rice', 'no one', 'a giraffe'] gold_answers ['boat', 'chicken', 'schwinn', 'dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 788/1262 [04:22<02:25,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 788/1262 [04:22<02:25,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 790/2846529 [04:23<263:24:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 790/2846529 [04:23<263:24:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['salmon', 'a fighter jet', 'roses', 'nintendo']
questions ['What fish do north american bears like to catch as they swim upstream?', 'What type of airplane is this?', 'What flowers are these?', 'Who invented the game system they are playing?'] predictions ['salmon', 'a fighter jet', 'roses', 'nintendo'] gold_answers ['salmon', 'jet', 'rose', 'nintendo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 789/1262 [04:22<02:24,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 789/1262 [04:22<02:24,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 791/2846529 [04:23<263:22:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 791/2846529 [04:23<263:22:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['beef', 'hay', 'a bird', 'the united states']
questions ['What meat comes from this animal?', 'What food does the animal eat?', 'What animal do these flying kites look like?', 'What country is famous for this dish?'] predictions ['beef', 'hay', 'a bird', 'the united states'] gold_answers ['beef', 'hay', 'seagull', 'germany']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 790/1262 [04:23<02:15,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 790/1262 [04:23<02:15,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 792/2846529 [04:23<263:17:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 792/2846529 [04:23<263:17:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a christmas tree', 'grass', 'summer', 'champagne']
questions ['What kind of tree is he pulling?', 'What other surfaces might this sport be played on?', 'During what season is this location likely to be frequented?', 'What drink is in these glasses?'] predictions ['a christmas tree', 'grass', 'summer', 'champagne'] gold_answers ['fir', 'clay', 'summer', 'champagne']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 791/1262 [04:23<02:12,  3.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 791/1262 [04:23<02:12,  3.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 793/2846529 [04:24<263:13:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 793/2846529 [04:24<263:13:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a warehouse', 'blouse', 'truck', 'happy day']
questions ['What kind of building is this?', 'A top like these seen here with a collar which buttons down the front is usually referred to as a what?', 'Name the mode of transport?', 'Happy day or sad day?'] predictions ['a warehouse', 'blouse', 'truck', 'happy day'] gold_answers ['warehouse', 'blouse', 'truck', 'happy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 792/1262 [04:23<02:07,  3.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 792/1262 [04:23<02:07,  3.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 794/2846529 [04:24<263:08:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 794/2846529 [04:24<263:08:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a grocery store', 'horses', 'the fence', 'bob']
questions ['What kind of store is this?', 'What animals are the carts attached to?', 'What prevents these animals from climbing well?', 'What is the hairstyle called that the woman in the foreground has?'] predictions ['a grocery store', 'horses', 'the fence', 'bob'] gold_answers ['grocery', 'horse', 'hooves', 'pony tail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 793/1262 [04:23<02:07,  3.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 793/1262 [04:23<02:07,  3.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 795/2846529 [04:24<263:04:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 795/2846529 [04:24<263:04:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is summer', 'a dog', 'daisies', 'a skateboard']
questions ['What time of year is it?', 'What kind of dog is this?', 'What type of flowers are in this bouqet?', 'What is this boy on?'] predictions ['it is summer', 'a dog', 'daisies', 'a skateboard'] gold_answers ['winter', 'terrier', 'daisy', 'half pipe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 794/1262 [04:24<02:07,  3.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 794/1262 [04:24<02:07,  3.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 796/2846529 [04:24<263:01:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 796/2846529 [04:24<263:01:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['apple', 'a hat with a brim', 'a military plane', 'a sink']
questions ['What popular company makes the computer in the forefront of the image?', 'What style hat is the man on the right wearing?', 'What type of plane is present?', 'Which of these is more likely used to wash the face?'] predictions ['apple', 'a hat with a brim', 'a military plane', 'a sink'] gold_answers ['dell', 'bowler', 'jet', 'sink']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 795/1262 [04:24<02:30,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 795/1262 [04:24<02:30,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 797/2846529 [04:25<263:07:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 797/2846529 [04:25<263:07:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john mcenroe', 'dogs', 'no brand', 'john steinbeck']
questions ['Who won this years championship in this sport?', 'What animals are known for going in and out of the cones on the ground?', 'What brand of tv is this?', 'Who wrote the novel that gave this store its name?'] predictions ['john mcenroe', 'dogs', 'no brand', 'john steinbeck'] gold_answers ['serena williams', 'dog', 'sony', 'carlo collodi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 796/1262 [04:25<02:42,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 796/1262 [04:25<02:42,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 798/2846529 [04:25<263:12:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 798/2846529 [04:25<263:12:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the bible', 'a huskie', 'peanut butter', 'a baseball swing']
questions ['Which book was written first?', 'What breed is this?', 'What is on this sandwich?', 'What kind of baseball play is this called?'] predictions ['the bible', 'a huskie', 'peanut butter', 'a baseball swing'] gold_answers ['shakespeare', 'husky', 'tuna', 'bunt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 797/1262 [04:25<02:34,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 797/1262 [04:25<02:34,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 799/2846529 [04:26<263:10:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 799/2846529 [04:26<263:10:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['once a day', 'a wakeboard', 'the camera', 'beer']
questions ['How often should children do what is shown in this photo?', 'What type of board is this person waterskiing on?', 'Where are the strands coming from?', 'What does the company advertised on the umbrellas produce?'] predictions ['once a day', 'a wakeboard', 'the camera', 'beer'] gold_answers ['daily', 'surfboard', 'ceiling', 'beer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 798/1262 [04:25<02:26,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 798/1262 [04:25<02:26,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 800/2846529 [04:26<263:06:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 800/2846529 [04:26<263:06:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the bathroom', 'landing', 'electric', 'a bass guitar']
questions ['In what part of the house stand the man?', 'Is that plane taking off or landing?', 'Gas or electric?', 'What kind of guitar is the man in the image playing?'] predictions ['the bathroom', 'landing', 'electric', 'a bass guitar'] gold_answers ['bedroom', 'land', 'electric', 'acoustic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 799/1262 [04:25<02:19,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 799/1262 [04:25<02:19,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 801/2846529 [04:26<263:02:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 801/2846529 [04:26<263:02:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['double decker bus', 'the water is calm', 'donut', 'glasses']
questions ['What type of bus is this?', 'Why would we suspect that this is a lake and not an ocean?', 'What food item do you think this ornament resembles?', 'What eye wear is he wearing?'] predictions ['double decker bus', 'the water is calm', 'donut', 'glasses'] gold_answers ['double decker', 'tree', 'doughnut', 'glass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 800/1262 [04:26<02:15,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 800/1262 [04:26<02:15,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 802/2846529 [04:26<262:59:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 802/2846529 [04:26<262:59:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sacrificial ring', 'a sandwich with arugula and tomatoes', 'a farm', 'summer']
questions ["What is the name of the armor piece on this man's wrist?", 'What kind of sandwich is this?', 'What is the name of the place the children are?', 'What season would you most likely complete this activity?'] predictions ['a sacrificial ring', 'a sandwich with arugula and tomatoes', 'a farm', 'summer'] gold_answers ['bracer', 'veggie', 'pet zoo', 'summer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 801/1262 [04:26<02:38,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 801/1262 [04:26<02:38,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 803/2846529 [04:27<263:07:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 803/2846529 [04:27<263:07:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['glazed', 'in washington, dc', 'parking', 'a few years']
questions ['What type of doughnut are these?', 'Where is this building located?', 'What is the meter for?', 'What is the lifespan of the animal pictured here?'] predictions ['glazed', 'in washington, dc', 'parking', 'a few years'] gold_answers ['glazed', 'washington dc', 'park', '30 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 802/1262 [04:27<02:40,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 802/1262 [04:27<02:40,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 804/2846529 [04:27<263:08:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 804/2846529 [04:27<263:08:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a living room', 'the water', 'it was flipped over', 'a bed']
questions ['What room does it look like the cat is in?', 'Name the place shown in this picture where the man is standing?', 'What happened to this bus?', 'What was that white furniture used for?'] predictions ['a living room', 'the water', 'it was flipped over', 'a bed'] gold_answers ['live room', 'lake', 'wreck', 'sleep']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 803/1262 [04:27<02:32,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 803/1262 [04:27<02:32,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 805/2846529 [04:27<263:06:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 805/2846529 [04:27<263:06:27,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["the early 1900's", 'to play video games', 'fluffy clouds', 'mozzarella']
questions ['What era does this vehicle come from?', 'What would you use these for?', 'What type of cloud formations are shown?', 'What is the most common kind of cheese used in this dish?'] predictions ["the early 1900's", 'to play video games', 'fluffy clouds', 'mozzarella'] gold_answers ['1940s', 'game', 'cumulus', 'mozzarella']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 804/1262 [04:27<02:27,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 804/1262 [04:27<02:27,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 806/2846529 [04:28<263:04:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 806/2846529 [04:28<263:04:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a place to sleep', 'a knitter', 'to play video games', 'cold']
questions ['What are some reasons people spend time in this room?', 'Who is going to read these books?', "What is the device in the child's hand used for?", 'Does the scene make you feel cold or hot?'] predictions ['it is a place to sleep', 'a knitter', 'to play video games', 'cold'] gold_answers ['to sleep', 'knitter', 'tv', 'hot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 805/1262 [04:27<02:32,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 805/1262 [04:27<02:32,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 807/2846529 [04:28<263:05:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 807/2846529 [04:28<263:05:45,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to the beach', 'it is raining', 'small fishing boats', 'light bulb']
questions ['Where would you take this?', 'Why is this cat under the umbrella?', 'What type of boats are those?', 'Thomas edison is given credit for this invention?'] predictions ['to the beach', 'it is raining', 'small fishing boats', 'light bulb'] gold_answers ['lake', 'play', 'canoes', 'lightbulb']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 806/1262 [04:28<02:23,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 806/1262 [04:28<02:23,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 808/2846529 [04:28<263:02:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 808/2846529 [04:28<263:02:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['logs', 'broccoli', 'pizza', 'a bridge']
questions ['What is the most common item transported in this type of vehicle?', 'What vegetable is shown?', 'What type of dish uses this much cheese?', 'What is the train passing under?'] predictions ['logs', 'broccoli', 'pizza', 'a bridge'] gold_answers ['log', 'broccoli', 'pizza', 'bridge']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 807/1262 [04:28<02:14,  3.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 807/1262 [04:28<02:14,  3.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 809/2846529 [04:29<262:57:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 809/2846529 [04:29<262:57:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a chihuahua', "a commercial driver's license", 'about a thousand years ago', 'desert']
questions ['What type of dog is this?', 'What type of license is required to drive the vehicle?', 'How far back into time do these animals existance date?', 'In what climate do you find these animals?'] predictions ['a chihuahua', "a commercial driver's license", 'about a thousand years ago', 'desert'] gold_answers ['mutt', 'cdl', 'thousand of year', 'warm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 808/1262 [04:28<02:33,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 808/1262 [04:28<02:33,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 810/2846529 [04:29<263:03:20,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 810/2846529 [04:29<263:03:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['teddy bear', 'they are happy', 'a laptop', 'chandelier']
questions ['What kind of bear is shown in the photo?', 'What seems to be the emotional state of the people here?', 'What electronic device is the person using at the moment?', 'What type of lighting is hanging from the ceiling of this bedroom?'] predictions ['teddy bear', 'they are happy', 'a laptop', 'chandelier'] gold_answers ['teddy', 'happiness', 'laptop', 'chandelier']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 809/1262 [04:29<02:27,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 809/1262 [04:29<02:27,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 811/2846529 [04:29<263:01:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 811/2846529 [04:29<263:01:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['live birth', 'a small town', 'strawberry', 'al qaida']
questions ['Does this animal lay eggs or give live birth?', 'What city could this be?', 'What southern based fruit is this sitting on?', 'What terrorist group is linked to 9 11 attacks using this vehicle?'] predictions ['live birth', 'a small town', 'strawberry', 'al qaida'] gold_answers ['lay egg', 'amsterdam', 'watermelon', 'al qaeda']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 810/1262 [04:29<02:23,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 810/1262 [04:29<02:23,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 812/2846529 [04:30<262:59:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 812/2846529 [04:30<262:59:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['foxes', 'olive oil', 'asian', 'chicago']
questions ['What animals might be native to the environment out of the window?', 'What kind of oil is on the dish?', 'In what country is this type of transportation popular?', 'Which american city is known for having this transportation system?'] predictions ['foxes', 'olive oil', 'asian', 'chicago'] gold_answers ['deer', 'olive oil', 'china', 'new york']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 811/1262 [04:29<02:16,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 811/1262 [04:29<02:16,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 813/2846529 [04:30<262:55:38,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 813/2846529 [04:30<262:55:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bananas', 'saunders', 'it is a clock', 'a pig']
questions ['What green frout is being grown?', 'What company made this bus?', 'What does this item measure?', 'What animal eats the orange vegetables?'] predictions ['bananas', 'saunders', 'it is a clock', 'a pig'] gold_answers ['banana', 'vw', 'time', 'rabbit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 812/1262 [04:30<02:16,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 812/1262 [04:30<02:16,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 814/2846529 [04:30<262:53:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 814/2846529 [04:30<262:53:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['potatoes', 'sheep', 'the platform is a white platform', 'a drop shot']
questions ['What is under the eggs?', 'What animal might feed of that ground covering?', 'What platform does this train ride on?', 'What is the name for a low underhand tennis swing?'] predictions ['potatoes', 'sheep', 'the platform is a white platform', 'a drop shot'] gold_answers ['ham', 'horse', 'subway', 'serve']

Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 813/1262 [04:30<02:23,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 813/1262 [04:30<02:23,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 815/2846529 [04:31<262:55:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 815/2846529 [04:31<262:55:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['jump into the water', 'chef', 'clock tower', 'sugar']
questions ['What is this person about to do?', 'What occupation is the mans?', 'What type of tower is this?', 'What is the ingredient shown on top of this food item?'] predictions ['jump into the water', 'chef', 'clock tower', 'sugar'] gold_answers ['water ski', 'chef', 'clock', 'sprinkle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 814/1262 [04:30<02:17,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 814/1262 [04:30<02:17,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 816/2846529 [04:31<262:52:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 816/2846529 [04:31<262:52:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about an hour', 'british', 'a rail trick', 'a bus is about to pass']
questions ['How long would it take to create the item of interest?', 'What country is that flag?', 'What is the name of the trick being performed?', 'What activity happened or is about to happen?'] predictions ['about an hour', 'british', 'a rail trick', 'a bus is about to pass'] gold_answers ['2 hours', 'united kingdom', 'grind', 'flood']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 815/1262 [04:31<02:22,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 815/1262 [04:31<02:22,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 817/2846529 [04:31<262:52:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 817/2846529 [04:31<262:52:59,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['radishes', 'ivory', 'the batter is out', 'teddy bear']
questions ['What food is this?', 'What valuable material is usually cut illegally from these mammals?', 'What happens if the ball is not pitched over the plate?', 'What animal is this?'] predictions ['radishes', 'ivory', 'the batter is out', 'teddy bear'] gold_answers ['radish', 'ivory', 'ball', 'bear']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 816/1262 [04:31<02:19,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 816/1262 [04:31<02:19,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 818/2846529 [04:32<262:50:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 818/2846529 [04:32<262:50:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mexican', 'in a city', 'hay', 'vegetables']
questions ['In what countries would you prepare this kind of ethnic food?', 'Where in the world is this picture taken?', 'What food do these animals eat?', 'Do you see meat or vegetables?'] predictions ['mexican', 'in a city', 'hay', 'vegetables'] gold_answers ['mexico', 'france', 'hay', 'vegetable']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 817/1262 [04:31<02:13,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 817/1262 [04:31<02:13,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 819/2846529 [04:32<262:47:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 819/2846529 [04:32<262:47:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a taiwanese restaurant', 'the beach', 'flat shoes', 'a hat with a brim']
questions ['What restaurant is this cup from?', 'Can you guess the place name where the game is played in this picture?', 'What type of shoes does the woman in the green shirt and white shorts have on?', 'What type of hat is the man in the white coat wearing?'] predictions ['a taiwanese restaurant', 'the beach', 'flat shoes', 'a hat with a brim'] gold_answers ['hardees', 'beach', 'flip flop', 'bowler']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 818/1262 [04:32<02:34,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 818/1262 [04:32<02:34,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 820/2846529 [04:32<262:54:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 820/2846529 [04:32<262:54:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skateboard trick', 'United States', 'kitchen', 'boat race']
questions ['What is this skateboarding trick called?', 'In what country does the company advertised on the banner have its headquarters?', 'What room in the house would you find these objects?', 'A race involving a great many of these items would be called a what?'] predictions ['a skateboard trick', 'United States', 'kitchen', 'boat race'] gold_answers ['ollie', 'america', 'kitchen', 'regatta']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 819/1262 [04:32<02:27,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 819/1262 [04:32<02:27,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 821/2846529 [04:33<262:52:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 821/2846529 [04:33<262:52:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop sign', 'the clockwise direction', 'no brand', 'a piece of paper']
questions ['What sign makes people slow down?', 'Which direction should the object on the ceiling rotate?', 'What brand is the tv?', 'What food does the animal eat?'] predictions ['stop sign', 'the clockwise direction', 'no brand', 'a piece of paper'] gold_answers ['yield', 'clockwise', 'sony', 'dog food']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 820/1262 [04:32<02:22,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 820/1262 [04:32<02:22,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 822/2846529 [04:33<262:50:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 822/2846529 [04:33<262:50:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you are going to eat them all', 'concrete', 'the united states', 'digestive system']
questions ['Why would you need this many of these?', 'The tower is made of what material?', 'In what country was the toy being played with here invented?', 'What bodily organs benefit from one of the items shown?'] predictions ['you are going to eat them all', 'concrete', 'the united states', 'digestive system'] gold_answers ['party', 'concrete', 'china', 'bladder']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 821/1262 [04:33<02:29,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 821/1262 [04:33<02:29,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 823/2846529 [04:33<262:53:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 823/2846529 [04:33<262:53:08,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you can throw it in the air, or you can throw it with your hands', 'driving', 'the light from the streetlamp', 'longhorn']
questions ['How are different ways to throw this object?', 'What is the car to the right doing?', 'What is making the drawing on the door light up like that?', 'What is species of cow lives on this farm?'] predictions ['you can throw it in the air, or you can throw it with your hands', 'driving', 'the light from the streetlamp', 'longhorn'] gold_answers ['many', 'exit', 'black light', 'longhorn']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 822/1262 [04:33<03:03,  2.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 822/1262 [04:33<03:03,  2.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 824/2846529 [04:34<263:08:36,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 824/2846529 [04:34<263:08:36,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['comb', 'office', 'a cat', 'to be a symbol of the city']
questions ["What tool is used to style this doll's hair?", 'What kind of place is this?', 'What is a famous version of this animal in cartoons?', 'What is the purpose of the elephant here?'] predictions ['comb', 'office', 'a cat', 'to be a symbol of the city'] gold_answers ['brush', 'office', 'sylvester', 'statue']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 823/1262 [04:34<02:58,  2.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 823/1262 [04:34<02:58,  2.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 825/2846529 [04:34<263:11:13,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 825/2846529 [04:34<263:11:14,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['baseball', 'ducati', 'john mcintosh', 'to keep toothbrushes clean']
questions ['This sport is sometimes called the great american what?', 'What brand of motorcycle is this?', 'Who was the creator of the device being used here?', 'What are the items in the cup used for?'] predictions ['baseball', 'ducati', 'john mcintosh', 'to keep toothbrushes clean'] gold_answers ['passtime', 'ducati', 'bill gate', 'brush teeth']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 824/1262 [04:34<02:57,  2.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 824/1262 [04:34<02:57,  2.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 826/2846529 [04:35<263:15:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 826/2846529 [04:35<263:15:24,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no', 'a mule', 'teddy bear', 'in the desert']
questions ['Where can i get a laptop like the one found here?', 'What type of horse is in the picture?', 'What toy is this?', 'Where does this animal usually live?'] predictions ['no', 'a mule', 'teddy bear', 'in the desert'] gold_answers ['bestbuy', 'clydesdale', 'teddy bear', 'mountain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 825/1262 [04:34<02:43,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 825/1262 [04:34<02:43,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 827/2846529 [04:35<263:13:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 827/2846529 [04:35<263:13:21,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skateboard trick', 'a group of people', 'good', 'patchwork']
questions ['What sort of trick is this man doing?', 'Who rides in this?', 'Is the relationship between these two animals good or bad?', 'What do they call this type of pattern on this bedspread?'] predictions ['a skateboard trick', 'a group of people', 'good', 'patchwork'] gold_answers ['ollie', 'people', 'good', 'quilt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 826/1262 [04:35<02:32,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 826/1262 [04:35<02:32,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 828/2846529 [04:35<263:11:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 828/2846529 [04:35<263:11:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['africa', 'vitamin c', 'to the arctic', 'shanghai']
questions ['In what country do most of these animals live?', 'Name a vitamin mineral found in either of these vegetables?', 'Where are the birds migrating to?', 'Where in in china is this?'] predictions ['africa', 'vitamin c', 'to the arctic', 'shanghai'] gold_answers ['kenya', 'iron', 'south', 'beijing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 827/1262 [04:35<02:25,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 827/1262 [04:35<02:25,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 829/2846529 [04:35<263:09:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 829/2846529 [04:35<263:09:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['overcooked', 'african elephants', 'engineer', 'a bicycle']
questions ['Is this meal undercooked or overcooked?', 'Indian or african elephants?', 'What do you call the person who drives this vehicle?', "What is attached to the front of the bus that you normally wouldn't see?"] predictions ['overcooked', 'african elephants', 'engineer', 'a bicycle'] gold_answers ['undercooked', 'indian', 'conductor', 'bike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 828/1262 [04:35<02:17,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 828/1262 [04:35<02:17,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 830/2846529 [04:36<263:05:46,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 830/2846529 [04:36<263:05:47,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['glass', 'great egret', "the early 1900's", 'trike']
questions ['What is the shower made of?', 'What is the name of this bird?', 'What era is this car from?', 'What style of motorcycle is this called?'] predictions ['glass', 'great egret', "the early 1900's", 'trike'] gold_answers ['glass', 'egret', "1920's", 'trike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 829/1262 [04:35<02:14,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 829/1262 [04:35<02:14,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 831/2846529 [04:36<263:03:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 831/2846529 [04:36<263:03:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a hot dog', 'in the tropics', 'They are in the shade', 'in the desert']
questions ['What type of sandwich did this person order?', 'What part of the country will you find such kind of trees?', 'How do these animals keep cool?', 'What part of america is this happening in?'] predictions ['a hot dog', 'in the tropics', 'They are in the shade', 'in the desert'] gold_answers ['sub', 'florida', 'water', 'colorado']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 830/1262 [04:36<02:12,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 830/1262 [04:36<02:12,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 832/2846529 [04:36<263:02:01,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 832/2846529 [04:36<263:02:01,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jump', 'vitamin c', 'a claw foot tub', 'a mirror']
questions ['What kind of trick is the skier in the air performing?', 'What type of vitamins do you get from the fruit?', 'What style of bathtub is that?', 'What kind of lens distorts the picture in this way?'] predictions ['a jump', 'vitamin c', 'a claw foot tub', 'a mirror'] gold_answers ['flip', 'c', 'round', 'fisheye']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 831/1262 [04:36<02:11,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 831/1262 [04:36<02:11,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 833/2846529 [04:37<263:00:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 833/2846529 [04:37<263:00:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['glass', 'a digital camera', 'to reflect light', 'skateboarding']
questions ['What is the fruit bowl made of?', 'What camera is she using to take this picture?', 'What is the main purpose of the item hanging on the wall?', 'What sports are related to the one portrayed here?'] predictions ['glass', 'a digital camera', 'to reflect light', 'skateboarding'] gold_answers ['glass', 'digital camera', 'mirror', 'skateboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 832/1262 [04:36<02:07,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 832/1262 [04:36<02:07,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 834/2846529 [04:37<262:56:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 834/2846529 [04:37<262:56:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['texas', 'hawaiian', 'a child', 'suitcases']
questions ['What state is known for wearing hats like this?', 'What nationality is the womon on the far left?', 'Who probably lives here?', 'What do i put clothes in when traveling?'] predictions ['texas', 'hawaiian', 'a child', 'suitcases'] gold_answers ['texas', 'black', 'kid', 'suitcase']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 833/1262 [04:37<02:10,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 833/1262 [04:37<02:10,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 835/2846529 [04:37<262:56:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 835/2846529 [04:37<262:56:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['every year', 'southwest airlines', 'gravity', 'the largest size of that platform that we have is a platform that is a foot wide']
questions ['How often do these people get together for a photo?', 'What is the name of the airline of the plane that is flying?', 'What force is pulling this skateboard down?', 'What was the largest size of that platform that we have?'] predictions ['every year', 'southwest airlines', 'gravity', 'the largest size of that platform that we have is a platform that is a foot wide'] gold_answers ['yearly', 'southwest', 'gravity', 'king']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 834/1262 [04:37<02:54,  2.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 834/1262 [04:37<02:54,  2.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 836/2846529 [04:38<263:14:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 836/2846529 [04:38<263:14:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cats', 'in a train station', 'brown bear', 'to a recycling center']
questions ["Batman's main female villain surround herself with these?", 'Where is this picture taken?', 'What kind of bear is this?', 'Where could you bring these?'] predictions ['cats', 'in a train station', 'brown bear', 'to a recycling center'] gold_answers ['cat', 'train station', 'brown', 'home']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 835/1262 [04:38<02:40,  2.66it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 835/1262 [04:38<02:40,  2.66it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 837/2846529 [04:38<263:12:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 837/2846529 [04:38<263:12:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['on the ground', 'silk', 'hot dogs', 'leather']
questions ['Is the train on the ground or in the air?', 'Which type of material is used for making the group of tie shown in this photo?', 'What brand hot dogs are shown?', 'What material is the couch made of?'] predictions ['on the ground', 'silk', 'hot dogs', 'leather'] gold_answers ['air', 'silk', 'ballpark', 'leather']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 836/1262 [04:38<02:23,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 836/1262 [04:38<02:23,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 838/2846529 [04:38<263:07:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 838/2846529 [04:38<263:07:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['washington, dc', 'one year old', 'a restaurant', 'about a month']
questions ['What city is this?', 'How old is the child?', 'What place is this taken?', 'How long do these animals gestate?'] predictions ['washington, dc', 'one year old', 'a restaurant', 'about a month'] gold_answers ['washington dc', '10 months', 'restaurant', '15 months']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 837/1262 [04:38<02:21,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 837/1262 [04:38<02:21,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 839/2846529 [04:39<263:07:04,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 839/2846529 [04:39<263:07:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plate', 'a laptop', 'john f. kennedy', 'a train']
questions ['What kind of dish is in front of the cat?', 'Name a piece of technology that is pictured here?', 'Who invented the object this dog caught?', 'What is this ad for?'] predictions ['a plate', 'a laptop', 'john f. kennedy', 'a train'] gold_answers ['plate', 'computer', 'walter frederick morrison', 'bicycle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 838/1262 [04:39<02:34,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 838/1262 [04:39<02:34,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 840/2846529 [04:39<263:12:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 840/2846529 [04:39<263:12:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cold', 'United States', 'sheep', 'a jump over a concrete wall']
questions ['What is the temperature like hot or cold of the place in the picture?', 'Which country describes this sport as its national sport?', 'The grazing animals in this photo are part of what genus?', 'What kind of jump can this boy do with this board?'] predictions ['cold', 'United States', 'sheep', 'a jump over a concrete wall'] gold_answers ['cold', 'united state', 'sheep', 'ollie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 839/1262 [04:39<02:35,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 839/1262 [04:39<02:35,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 841/2846529 [04:40<263:15:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 841/2846529 [04:40<263:15:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['adobe', 'checkered', 'a market', 'metal']
questions ['Who sponsored this tennis player?', "What is the name of the red and white checkered pattern draped across the woman's body?", 'What would you describe the place depicted in the image?', 'Name the material used to make this skating board shown in this picture?'] predictions ['adobe', 'checkered', 'a market', 'metal'] gold_answers ['nike', 'checkered', 'market', 'fiberglass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 840/1262 [04:39<02:26,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 840/1262 [04:39<02:26,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 842/2846529 [04:40<263:13:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 842/2846529 [04:40<263:13:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['city', 'a bed', 'in california', 'a farmers market']
questions ['Is this street in the city or country?', 'What is this dog laying on?', 'Where in the world would you find this structure?', 'What event is this at?'] predictions ['city', 'a bed', 'in california', 'a farmers market'] gold_answers ['city', 'bed', 'california', 'festival']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 841/1262 [04:40<02:26,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 841/1262 [04:40<02:26,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 843/2846529 [04:40<263:14:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 843/2846529 [04:40<263:14:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john f kennedy', 'germany', 'carrots, kale, and a few other vegetables', 'hotel room']
questions ['What president was this plus toy named after?', 'Which country are these souvenirs from?', 'What other types of food could be helpful here?', 'What type of room is this?'] predictions ['john f kennedy', 'germany', 'carrots, kale, and a few other vegetables', 'hotel room'] gold_answers ['teddy roosevelt', 'germany', 'seed', 'hotel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 842/1262 [04:40<02:47,  2.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 842/1262 [04:40<02:47,  2.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 844/2846529 [04:41<263:24:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 844/2846529 [04:41<263:24:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sheep', 'honda cbr 900', 'skate park', 'a snowboard with a kite attached to it']
questions ['A shepherd is typically required to guide what animal which is depicted in this picture?', 'Name the bike model shown in this picture?', 'Can you name the location where the person is playing the sport?', 'What type of snowboard is this man on?'] predictions ['sheep', 'honda cbr 900', 'skate park', 'a snowboard with a kite attached to it'] gold_answers ['sheep', 'bmw', 'skate park', 'alpine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 843/1262 [04:41<02:54,  2.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 843/1262 [04:41<02:54,  2.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 845/2846529 [04:41<263:32:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 845/2846529 [04:41<263:32:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fishing boat', 'about a foot per second', 'horns', 'virgin airlines']
questions ['What kind of boat is in the background?', 'How fast can an average person hit this ball?', 'What are the two prongs on these animals called?', 'What airline does the plane in the background belong to?'] predictions ['fishing boat', 'about a foot per second', 'horns', 'virgin airlines'] gold_answers ['fish', '30 mph', 'horn', 'virgin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 844/1262 [04:41<02:42,  2.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 844/1262 [04:41<02:42,  2.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 846/2846529 [04:42<263:31:34,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 846/2846529 [04:42<263:31:34,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a cloud', 'pine trees', 'a tow truck', 'marble']
questions ['What type of shadow appears to be cast upon the building?', 'What type of trees are shown in the picture?', 'What type of vehicle is painted orange in this picture?', 'What is the bathroom counter made of?'] predictions ['a cloud', 'pine trees', 'a tow truck', 'marble'] gold_answers ['tree', 'pine', 'truck', 'granite']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 845/1262 [04:41<02:31,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 845/1262 [04:41<02:31,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 847/2846529 [04:42<263:29:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 847/2846529 [04:42<263:29:51,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you can make it by putting it in a pan and then putting it in the', 'sydney', 'home', 'Skis']
questions ['How do you make this dish?', 'What part of the world is this?', 'Is this more likely to be in a home or business?', 'What kind of gear do you need to perform this activity?'] predictions ['you can make it by putting it in a pan and then putting it in the', 'sydney', 'home', 'Skis'] gold_answers ['bake', 'australia', 'home', 'ski']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 846/1262 [04:42<03:07,  2.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 846/1262 [04:42<03:07,  2.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 848/2846529 [04:42<263:47:38,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 848/2846529 [04:42<263:47:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['night', 'a wedding', 'hot dog', 'apple']
questions ['What time of day is this?', 'What type of event is happening?', 'What type of sandwich is this man eating?', 'Name the desktop model or brand shown in this picture?'] predictions ['night', 'a wedding', 'hot dog', 'apple'] gold_answers ['night', 'party', 'sub', 'dell']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 847/1262 [04:42<02:41,  2.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 847/1262 [04:42<02:41,  2.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 849/2846529 [04:43<263:42:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 849/2846529 [04:43<263:42:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a haircut', 'North America', 'they are hungry', 'the ball']
questions ['What is the boy recieving?', 'This bear is native to what continent?', 'Why are things flocking together here?', 'What will he hit with this implement?'] predictions ['a haircut', 'North America', 'they are hungry', 'the ball'] gold_answers ['haircut', 'antarctica', 'feed', 'tennis ball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 848/1262 [04:42<02:22,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 848/1262 [04:42<02:22,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 850/2846529 [04:43<263:37:32,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 850/2846529 [04:43<263:37:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['shrimp, broccoli, and rice', 'black bears', 'hello kitty', 'a cell phone']
questions ['Name the ingredients used to make this dish shown in this picture?', 'What breed of bears are these?', 'Who named this stuffed toy?', 'What type of phone is this person using?'] predictions ['shrimp, broccoli, and rice', 'black bears', 'hello kitty', 'a cell phone'] gold_answers ['shrimp broccoli', 'black bear', 'theodore roosevelt', 'cell']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 849/1262 [04:43<02:19,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 849/1262 [04:43<02:19,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 851/2846529 [04:43<263:37:05,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 851/2846529 [04:43<263:37:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cumulus clouds', 'a bridge', "a master's degree", 'they sleep on the bed']
questions ['What is the technical name for the cloud type in the sky?', 'What is the structure over the top of the train?', 'What type of degree do you need to build this type of landmark?', 'What do cats do this so much?'] predictions ['cumulus clouds', 'a bridge', "a master's degree", 'they sleep on the bed'] gold_answers ['cumulus', 'bridge', 'engineering', 'sleep']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 850/1262 [04:43<02:19,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 850/1262 [04:43<02:19,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 852/2846529 [04:44<263:37:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 852/2846529 [04:44<263:37:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are sweet', 'windsurfing and kitesurfing', 'hot dog', 'hay']
questions ['What is the taste of these items?', 'Which other sports require equipment similar to that seen here?', 'What kind of sandwich is in the photo?', 'What do you feed this kind of animal?'] predictions ['they are sweet', 'windsurfing and kitesurfing', 'hot dog', 'hay'] gold_answers ['sweet', 'snowboard', 'hot dog', 'hay']

Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 851/1262 [04:43<02:32,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 851/1262 [04:43<02:32,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 853/2846529 [04:44<263:43:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 853/2846529 [04:44<263:43:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are resting', 'rowing', 'They are wearing vests', 'compass direction']
questions ['Why are they sitting down?', 'What sport is this?', 'What safety precaution are they taking?', 'What compass terminology do you see?'] predictions ['they are resting', 'rowing', 'They are wearing vests', 'compass direction'] gold_answers ['rest', 'row', 'wear helmet', 'west']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 852/1262 [04:44<02:23,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 852/1262 [04:44<02:23,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 854/2846529 [04:44<263:41:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 854/2846529 [04:44<263:41:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sunflower', 'furniture', 'berries', 'he is falling off his surfboard']
questions ['What flower is this?', 'What objects are in this type of room usually?', 'What do these animals eat?', 'What is happening to the man?'] predictions ['a sunflower', 'furniture', 'berries', 'he is falling off his surfboard'] gold_answers ['daisy', 'furniture', 'meat', 'fall']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 853/1262 [04:44<02:27,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 853/1262 [04:44<02:27,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 855/2846529 [04:45<263:44:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 855/2846529 [04:45<263:44:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a white shirt', 'to the arctic', 'a tennis court', 'a military plane']
questions ['What kind of white clothing are they wearing?', 'Where do these animals go in the winter?', 'Can you guess the place name where they are playing the game?', 'What type of plane is this?'] predictions ['a white shirt', 'to the arctic', 'a tennis court', 'a military plane'] gold_answers ['t shirt', 'south', 'tennis court', 'jet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 854/1262 [04:44<02:19,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 854/1262 [04:44<02:19,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 856/2846529 [04:45<263:42:29,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 856/2846529 [04:45<263:42:30,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fork and knife', 'a park', 'the cat would be in the suitcase', 'a stove']
questions ['What kind of utensil is this kid holding in both hands?', 'What is the name of the location being featured in this photo?', 'What issues would someone have bringing this suitcase on a plane?', 'What type of appliance is the silver pot sitting on?'] predictions ['fork and knife', 'a park', 'the cat would be in the suitcase', 'a stove'] gold_answers ['fork', 'park', 'cat', 'stove']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 855/1262 [04:45<02:20,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 855/1262 [04:45<02:20,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 857/2846529 [04:45<263:43:22,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 857/2846529 [04:45<263:43:23,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the man in the suit', 'ranch', 'bananas', 'sony']
questions ['Which person is the groom?', 'What popular salad dressing has the same name as a place like this?', 'What fruit are they selling?', 'Who makes this model?'] predictions ['the man in the suit', 'ranch', 'bananas', 'sony'] gold_answers ['middle', 'ranch', 'banana', 'sony ericsson']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 856/1262 [04:45<02:14,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 856/1262 [04:45<02:14,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 858/2846529 [04:46<263:41:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 858/2846529 [04:46<263:41:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rap', 'it is a small field', 'bald', 'snowboard']
questions ['What type of music does this dj play?', 'How big is the field this sports is played on?', "The lack of follicles on this man's head is called being what?", 'Used instead of a pair of skis?'] predictions ['rap', 'it is a small field', 'bald', 'snowboard'] gold_answers ['electronic', '100 yards', 'bald', 'snowboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 857/1262 [04:45<02:14,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 857/1262 [04:45<02:14,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 859/2846529 [04:46<263:41:25,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 859/2846529 [04:46<263:41:26,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tabby', 'in the water', 'catcher', 'colorado']
questions ['What breed of cat is this?', 'Where do you store this vehicle?', 'What is the position name of the player squatting down?', 'Which state is more associated with this activity: colorado or florida?'] predictions ['a tabby', 'in the water', 'catcher', 'colorado'] gold_answers ['domestic shorthair', 'dock', 'catcher', 'colorado']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 858/1262 [04:46<02:06,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 858/1262 [04:46<02:06,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 860/2846529 [04:46<263:38:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 860/2846529 [04:46<263:38:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cloudy', 'z', 'The children are wearing helmets', 'a cat']
questions ['What type of weather is this?', 'What alphabet letter is commonly associated with this?', 'What safety precautions are taken in the photo?', "What is the name of this animal's offspring?"] predictions ['cloudy', 'z', 'The children are wearing helmets', 'a cat'] gold_answers ['cloudy', 'z', 'helmet', 'kitten']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 859/1262 [04:46<02:08,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 859/1262 [04:46<02:08,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 861/2846529 [04:47<263:37:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 861/2846529 [04:47<263:37:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'ocean', 'a white pickup truck', 'venus safina']
questions ['How many people use this mode of transportatin anually?', 'What type of water is this?', 'What kind of truck is this?', "Who is the world's top player in this sport?"] predictions ['a lot', 'ocean', 'a white pickup truck', 'venus safina'] gold_answers ['million', 'salt', 'pickup', 'serena williams']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 860/1262 [04:46<02:15,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 860/1262 [04:46<02:15,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 862/2846529 [04:47<263:40:40,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 862/2846529 [04:47<263:40:41,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in', 'in a military base', 'cool season grasses', 'a dress']
questions ['Is this ball likely to be in or out?', 'Where is this man?', 'Are the cows grazing on cool season or warm season grasses?', 'What piece of clothing is the person with hat wearing which is buttoned up over their shirt?'] predictions ['in', 'in a military base', 'cool season grasses', 'a dress'] gold_answers ['in', 'asia', 'cool', 'vest']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 861/1262 [04:47<02:11,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 861/1262 [04:47<02:11,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 863/2846529 [04:47<263:38:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 863/2846529 [04:47<263:38:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the pilot', 'aer lingus', 'the british', 'pizza']
questions ['Who rides in this?', 'What airline do you see on the plane closest in the photo?', 'Who were the first people to successfully do this?', 'What kind of food is this?'] predictions ['the pilot', 'aer lingus', 'the british', 'pizza'] gold_answers ['passenger', 'kuwait airway', 'wright brother', 'pizza']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 862/1262 [04:47<02:14,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 862/1262 [04:47<02:14,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 864/2846529 [04:48<263:40:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 864/2846529 [04:48<263:40:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['leather', 'asphalt', 'a flat screen tv', 'about a year']
questions ['Can you guess the material used to make the bag shown in this picture?', 'What material is used to cover these roadways?', 'What kind of tv is hanging on the wall?', 'How long do these animals typical live?'] predictions ['leather', 'asphalt', 'a flat screen tv', 'about a year'] gold_answers ['nylon', 'asphalt', 'flatscreen', '2 16 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 863/1262 [04:47<02:16,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 863/1262 [04:47<02:16,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 865/2846529 [04:48<263:41:15,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 865/2846529 [04:48<263:41:15,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the vampire diaries', 'it is walking', 'flood insurance', '18']
questions ['What movie is the man on the paper from?', 'At what speed does this animal run?', 'What additional insurance would likely be necessary if a person lived in one of these structures?', 'At what age does one usually enter this type of institution?'] predictions ['the vampire diaries', 'it is walking', 'flood insurance', '18'] gold_answers ['twilight', '30 mph', 'flood', '18']

Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 864/1262 [04:48<02:07,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 864/1262 [04:48<02:07,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 866/2846529 [04:48<263:37:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 866/2846529 [04:48<263:37:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['surfboards', 'island', 'carrots', 'it needs a lot of sunlight']
questions ['The man in the photo is walking toward what types of boards in the photo?', 'Which item shown here has the same name as a piece of land surrounded by ocean?', 'Which of these vegetables is the lowest in vitamin d?', 'How much sunlight does the plant in this photo require?'] predictions ['surfboards', 'island', 'carrots', 'it needs a lot of sunlight'] gold_answers ['surf', 'island', 'carrot', '6 hours']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 865/1262 [04:48<02:11,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 865/1262 [04:48<02:11,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 867/2846529 [04:49<263:39:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 867/2846529 [04:49<263:39:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it can run fast', 'to snowboard', 'a pizza', 'it is sick']
questions ['How fast can the animal to the right go?', 'Why would you need warm clothes?', 'What type of recipe can i make using the ingredients in the photo?', 'What wrong with the cat?'] predictions ['it can run fast', 'to snowboard', 'a pizza', 'it is sick'] gold_answers ['30 mph', 'cold', 'salad', 'tired']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 866/1262 [04:48<02:04,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 866/1262 [04:48<02:04,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 868/2846529 [04:49<263:35:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 868/2846529 [04:49<263:35:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['high ceiling', 'tennis net', 'stc', 'hay']
questions ['What type of ceiling is depicted in this photo?', 'What type of net is used to play this?', 'What well known company operates passenger versions of these vehicles?', 'What type of feed does this breed of horse need?'] predictions ['high ceiling', 'tennis net', 'stc', 'hay'] gold_answers ['high', 'tennis net', 'amtrak', 'oat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 867/1262 [04:49<01:59,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 867/1262 [04:49<01:59,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 869/2846529 [04:49<263:32:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 869/2846529 [04:49<263:32:33,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a school project', 'a tabby', 'flip phone', 'plastic']
questions ['What type of school project is this?', "What's the breed of the cat in the photo?", 'What is the common name for this type of phone?', 'What is the white cup made out of?'] predictions ['a school project', 'a tabby', 'flip phone', 'plastic'] gold_answers ['computer', 'siamese', 'flip phone', 'styrofoam']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 868/1262 [04:49<01:55,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 868/1262 [04:49<01:55,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 870/2846529 [04:49<263:29:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 870/2846529 [04:49<263:29:09,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a store', '0', 'a cow', 'its slick coat']
questions ['Where do you buy this kind of furniture?', 'How many grams of sugar are in this item?', 'What kind of cow is that?', 'The breed of dog in the photo is known for what?'] predictions ['in a store', '0', 'a cow', 'its slick coat'] gold_answers ['ikea', '20', 'dairy', 'retrieve']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 869/1262 [04:49<01:55,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 869/1262 [04:49<01:55,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 871/2846529 [04:50<263:27:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 871/2846529 [04:50<263:27:18,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snow', 'in my bed', 'housekeeper', 'wind']
questions ['What type of weather is needed for this activity to occur?', 'Where do i use these?', 'What is the professional name of a person that tends to the types of rooms featured in this photo?', 'Wat fuels these fllying objects?'] predictions ['snow', 'in my bed', 'housekeeper', 'wind'] gold_answers ['snow', 'bedroom', 'maid', 'helium']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 870/1262 [04:49<01:49,  3.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 870/1262 [04:49<01:49,  3.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 872/2846529 [04:50<263:22:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 872/2846529 [04:50<263:22:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['her tongue', 'a store', 'laptop', 'softball']
questions ["Which part os the subject's body shows a piercing?", 'What place is this?', 'What type of computer is shown?', 'What is the sport called that these girls are playing?'] predictions ['her tongue', 'a store', 'laptop', 'softball'] gold_answers ['ear', 'store', 'laptop', 'softball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 871/1262 [04:50<01:45,  3.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 871/1262 [04:50<01:45,  3.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 873/2846529 [04:50<263:17:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 873/2846529 [04:50<263:17:39,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['gravel', 'in the sand', 'a mountain', 'chinese']
questions ['What is this road made of?', 'Where was this photo taken?', 'These animals can be found in what place?', 'What language is on the signs?'] predictions ['gravel', 'in the sand', 'a mountain', 'chinese'] gold_answers ['dirt', 'beach', 'mountain', 'japanese']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 872/1262 [04:50<01:48,  3.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 872/1262 [04:50<01:48,  3.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 874/2846529 [04:51<263:15:57,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 874/2846529 [04:51<263:15:57,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a zoo elephant', 'grass', 'street light', 'brick']
questions ['What type of elephant is in this photo?', 'What kind of grass is the hydrant on?', 'What is the light source?', 'What is the wall made of?'] predictions ['a zoo elephant', 'grass', 'street light', 'brick'] gold_answers ['asian', 'bluegrass', 'street light', 'brick']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 873/1262 [04:50<01:57,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 873/1262 [04:50<01:57,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 875/2846529 [04:51<263:17:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 875/2846529 [04:51<263:17:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tour bus', 'pitcher', 'on a bench', 'a dog']
questions ['Whose bus is this?', 'What position in the man in the foreground playing?', 'Where are these men taking a break?', 'What animal likes to chase the animal shown in the picture?'] predictions ['a tour bus', 'pitcher', 'on a bench', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['bieber', 'pitcher', 'park bench', 'dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 874/1262 [04:51<01:53,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 874/1262 [04:51<01:53,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 876/2846529 [04:51<263:13:48,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 876/2846529 [04:51<263:13:48,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chinese', 'volleyball', 'metal', 'kite flying']
questions ['What language is the sign written in?', 'What game is being played?', 'What are these umbrellas made of?', 'What popular wind related hobby is depicted in the photo?'] predictions ['chinese', 'volleyball', 'metal', 'kite flying'] gold_answers ['spanish', 'volleyball', 'cloth', 'kite fly']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 875/1262 [04:51<01:50,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 875/1262 [04:51<01:50,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 877/2846529 [04:51<263:10:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 877/2846529 [04:51<263:10:31,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['showing', 'boarding a bus', 'fishing boat', 'legally']
questions ['Is it showing or raining?', 'What are the people doing?', 'What kind of ship is pictured?', 'Is this car parked legally or illegally?'] predictions ['showing', 'boarding a bus', 'fishing boat', 'legally'] gold_answers ['snow', 'talk', 'fish', 'legally']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 876/1262 [04:51<01:52,  3.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 876/1262 [04:51<01:52,  3.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 878/2846529 [04:52<263:08:46,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 878/2846529 [04:52<263:08:47,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brick', 'snowboarding', 'wooden utensil', 'san francisco']
questions ['What is this building made from?', 'What sport is this?', 'Which is better this wooden utensil or a metal version of it?', 'What place is this?'] predictions ['brick', 'snowboarding', 'wooden utensil', 'san francisco'] gold_answers ['concrete', 'snowboard', 'wooden', 'concert']

Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 877/1262 [04:51<01:56,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 877/1262 [04:51<01:56,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 879/2846529 [04:52<263:08:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 879/2846529 [04:52<263:08:28,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['iphone', 'chasing a sheep', 'a tufted couch', 'water ski']
questions ['Name the mobile model shown in this picture?', 'What is the dog doing?', 'What kind of couch is that?', 'What kind of board is this?'] predictions ['iphone', 'chasing a sheep', 'a tufted couch', 'water ski'] gold_answers ['iphone', 'herd', 'sofa', 'surfboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 878/1262 [04:52<01:55,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 878/1262 [04:52<01:55,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 880/2846529 [04:52<263:06:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 880/2846529 [04:52<263:06:44,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a person to ride', 'pizza', 'one day', 'a truck']
questions ['What is needed to use this transportation?', 'What kind of food are they eating?', 'How old is this baby?', 'What types of transportation are shown?'] predictions ['a person to ride', 'pizza', 'one day', 'a truck'] gold_answers ['coal', 'pizza', 'newborn', 'truck and boat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 879/1262 [04:52<01:55,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 879/1262 [04:52<01:55,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 881/2846529 [04:53<263:04:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 881/2846529 [04:53<263:04:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bedroom', 'a poodle', 'a few percent', 'graffiti']
questions ['Where in the house would you find this bed?', 'Name the family or the bread of dog shown in this picture?', 'What percent of americans know how to do this sport?', 'What media was used to paint this artwork?'] predictions ['bedroom', 'a poodle', 'a few percent', 'graffiti'] gold_answers ['bedroom', 'cocker spaniel', '5%', 'spray paint']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 880/1262 [04:52<01:54,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 880/1262 [04:52<01:54,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 882/2846529 [04:53<263:03:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 882/2846529 [04:53<263:03:02,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['silk', 'asian', 'a wide angle lens', 'kitty cat']
questions ['What is the tie made of?', 'What country might this be based on the writing on the bus?', 'What type of lens is used for this picture?', 'What is a famous cartoon animal of this type?'] predictions ['silk', 'asian', 'a wide angle lens', 'kitty cat'] gold_answers ['silk', 'china', 'fisheye', 'garfield']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 881/1262 [04:53<01:54,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 881/1262 [04:53<01:54,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 883/2846529 [04:53<263:01:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 883/2846529 [04:53<263:01:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['parre', 'to transport people', 'flying a kite', 'a soccer ball']
questions ['What is the name of the shape of this street sign?', 'What is this used for?', "What's he doing?", 'What is being used to play this sport?'] predictions ['parre', 'to transport people', 'flying a kite', 'a soccer ball'] gold_answers ['octagon', 'transportation', 'fly kite', 'soccer ball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 882/1262 [04:53<01:53,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 882/1262 [04:53<01:53,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 884/2846529 [04:54<262:59:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 884/2846529 [04:54<262:59:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sharp', 'a t-shirt', 'chinese', 'it is a popular breed']
questions ['How sharp do you think the edges are?', 'What material are those shorts made out of?', 'What type of cuisine is this?', 'How popular is this breed?'] predictions ['sharp', 'a t-shirt', 'chinese', 'it is a popular breed'] gold_answers ['very', 'nylon', 'american', 'very']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 883/1262 [04:53<01:56,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 883/1262 [04:53<01:56,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 885/2846529 [04:54<262:59:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 885/2846529 [04:54<262:59:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['longhorn', 'a restaurant', 'farmer', 'full sized bed']
questions ['Which kind of cows are shown in this picture?', 'Where might a person dress like this?', "What is this man's occupation?", 'Is this a single or full sized bed?'] predictions ['longhorn', 'a restaurant', 'farmer', 'full sized bed'] gold_answers ['longhorn', 'office', 'farmer', 'single']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 884/1262 [04:54<01:53,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 884/1262 [04:54<01:53,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 886/2846529 [04:54<262:56:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 886/2846529 [04:54<262:56:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they have a long neck', 'the war', 'a schooner', 'A park bench is taped off']
questions ['What are these animals defense mechanism?', 'What era is this plane from?', 'What type of ship is that sandwich named after?', 'What happen here?'] predictions ['they have a long neck', 'the war', 'a schooner', 'A park bench is taped off'] gold_answers ['kick', 'ww2', 'submarine', 'paint']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 885/1262 [04:54<01:59,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 885/1262 [04:54<01:59,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 887/2846529 [04:55<262:57:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 887/2846529 [04:55<262:57:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['california', 'pomeranian', 'equestrian', 'a coffee shop']
questions ['What us state is famous for growing these fruits?', 'What breed of dog is in this picture?', 'What sport is this?', 'What kind of restaurant did that cup come from?'] predictions ['california', 'pomeranian', 'equestrian', 'a coffee shop'] gold_answers ['florida', 'pomeranian', 'equestrian', 'fast food']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 886/1262 [04:54<02:00,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 886/1262 [04:54<02:00,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 888/2846529 [04:55<262:57:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 888/2846529 [04:55<262:57:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cross contamination', 'to protect them from predators', 'black fabric', 'wood']
questions ['Based off of the scene seen here what would be a more important thing to avoid if you were these people cross contamination or lava?', 'What are the horns on this animal used for?', "What is the man's umbrella made out of?", 'From what can you make the shavings of these animals?'] predictions ['cross contamination', 'to protect them from predators', 'black fabric', 'wood'] gold_answers ['cross contamination', 'fight', 'nylon', 'wool']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 887/1262 [04:55<02:00,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 887/1262 [04:55<02:00,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 889/2846529 [04:55<262:56:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 889/2846529 [04:55<262:56:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a wind', 'sandra bullock in the movie sandra bullock', 'russia', 'leather']
questions ['What does this need to fly?', 'What movie featured a vehicle like this with sandra bullock?', 'In which country are the transportation regulations loose enough to allow vehicles like these?', 'The name of the material of her jacket is called what?'] predictions ['a wind', 'sandra bullock in the movie sandra bullock', 'russia', 'leather'] gold_answers ['wind', 'speed', 'india', 'leather']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 888/1262 [04:55<02:29,  2.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 888/1262 [04:55<02:29,  2.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 890/2846529 [04:56<263:09:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 890/2846529 [04:56<263:09:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you can make it with a pizza pan', 'a float and a dock', 'a couch', 'the door']
questions ['How do you make this pizza?', "What's the name for the two things the plane is floating on?", 'What other furniture items might be found in this room?', 'What could i exit through in this picture?'] predictions ['you can make it with a pizza pan', 'a float and a dock', 'a couch', 'the door'] gold_answers ['bake it', 'pontoon', 'coffee table', 'door']

Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 889/1262 [04:56<02:30,  2.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 889/1262 [04:56<02:30,  2.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 891/2846529 [04:56<263:14:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 891/2846529 [04:56<263:14:19,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plate', 'the ocean', 'afghanistan', 'to catch a mouse']
questions ['What is he holding?', 'What body of water is that?', 'What country is this?', 'What causes felines to arch their back in this way?'] predictions ['a plate', 'the ocean', 'afghanistan', 'to catch a mouse'] gold_answers ['paper', 'lake', 'india', 'fear']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 890/1262 [04:56<02:21,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 890/1262 [04:56<02:21,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 892/2846529 [04:57<263:14:03,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 892/2846529 [04:57<263:14:04,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you can make a cupcake', 'christmas', 'wood', 'white plate']
questions ['How do i make the sweet that i see in this photo?', 'What holiday is being celebrated?', 'What material is typically used to enclose a patio to keep it free of bugs?', 'What is the plate made of?'] predictions ['you can make a cupcake', 'christmas', 'wood', 'white plate'] gold_answers ['bake', 'christmas', 'net', 'ceramic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 891/1262 [04:56<02:15,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 891/1262 [04:56<02:15,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 893/2846529 [04:57<263:13:51,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 893/2846529 [04:57<263:13:52,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sunflowers', 'feet', 'to move', 'it takes a lot of practice']
questions ['What flowers are these?', 'What body part is this focusing on?', 'What do this vehicle need the wheels for?', 'How long does it take someone to learn this sport?'] predictions ['sunflowers', 'feet', 'to move', 'it takes a lot of practice'] gold_answers ['sunflower', 'knee', 'land', '2 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 892/1262 [04:57<02:14,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 892/1262 [04:57<02:14,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 894/2846529 [04:57<263:15:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 894/2846529 [04:57<263:15:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it means the time', 'a fire', 'rainy', 'by a locomotive']
questions ['What does the number on the little screen mean?', 'How does the term blaze apply here?', 'You use the object over the windows when the weather is what outside?', 'How is this powered?'] predictions ['it means the time', 'a fire', 'rainy', 'by a locomotive'] gold_answers ['time', 'run fast', 'hot', 'electric']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 893/1262 [04:57<02:03,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 893/1262 [04:57<02:03,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 895/2846529 [04:58<263:11:47,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 895/2846529 [04:58<263:11:48,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['speakers', 'a temple', 'kitchen', 'cardinal']
questions ['What are the large square items located on either sides of the picture?', 'What place is this?', 'In what room was this made?', 'What kind of bird is sitting on the branch?'] predictions ['speakers', 'a temple', 'kitchen', 'cardinal'] gold_answers ['speaker', 'temple', 'kitchen', 'cardinal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 894/1262 [04:57<01:53,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 894/1262 [04:57<01:53,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 896/2846529 [04:58<263:07:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 896/2846529 [04:58<263:07:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jumbo jet', 'arugula', 'the army', 'uk']
questions ['What model of aircraft is pictured here?', 'What is the green food on this dish?', 'What military are they in?', 'Which country consumes the most ham?'] predictions ['a jumbo jet', 'arugula', 'the army', 'uk'] gold_answers ['727', 'lettuce', 'army', 'montenegro']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 895/1262 [04:57<01:55,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 895/1262 [04:57<01:55,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 897/2846529 [04:58<263:06:58,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 897/2846529 [04:58<263:06:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jump', 'america', 'a bridge', 'a scout uniform']
questions ['What is this ski moved called?', 'What country is that?', 'What is being driven on?', 'What is the uniform this young man is wearing?'] predictions ['a jump', 'america', 'a bridge', 'a scout uniform'] gold_answers ['jump', 'america', 'bridge', 'boy scout']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 896/1262 [04:58<01:59,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 896/1262 [04:58<01:59,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 898/2846529 [04:58<263:08:12,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 898/2846529 [04:58<263:08:13,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john styron', 'in a park', 'black bear', 'thanksgiving']
questions ['Who is a famous american athlete that engages in this type of sport?', 'Where would this person be?', 'What breed of bear is this?', 'What holiday is this?'] predictions ['john styron', 'in a park', 'black bear', 'thanksgiving'] gold_answers ['shaun white', 'park', 'grizzly', 'thanksgiving']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 897/1262 [04:58<02:05,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 897/1262 [04:58<02:05,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 899/2846529 [04:59<263:10:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 899/2846529 [04:59<263:10:53,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['hardwood flooring', 'foil', '1939', 'the train is coming']
questions ['What is the best floor covering for a kitchen?', 'Name the material used to make this cap weared by the cat?', 'What year is that picture?', 'What does the red and white sign mean?'] predictions ['hardwood flooring', 'foil', '1939', 'the train is coming'] gold_answers ['tile', 'foil', '1941', 'yield']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 898/1262 [04:58<01:57,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 898/1262 [04:58<01:57,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 900/2846529 [04:59<263:07:43,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 900/2846529 [04:59<263:07:43,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a light is placed in the parking lot', 'arrow', 'a large commercial plane', 'fred']
questions ['How is a parking lot illuminated at night?', 'What is the symbol shown in the picture?', 'What model plane is this?', 'What is the name of this little statue?'] predictions ['a light is placed in the parking lot', 'arrow', 'a large commercial plane', 'fred'] gold_answers ['light', 'arrow', '747', 'gnome']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 899/1262 [04:59<02:06,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 899/1262 [04:59<02:06,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 901/2846529 [05:00<263:11:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 901/2846529 [05:00<263:11:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['water skiing', 'a commuter train', 'It is a pizza', 'to be cooked']
questions ['Name the game played by this man in the picture?', 'Which kind of train is seen in this photo?', 'How is this dish prepared?', 'When will i want the item on the plate?'] predictions ['water skiing', 'a commuter train', 'It is a pizza', 'to be cooked'] gold_answers ['water ski', 'subway', 'bake', 'dinner']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 900/1262 [04:59<02:01,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 900/1262 [04:59<02:01,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 902/2846529 [05:00<263:10:06,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 902/2846529 [05:00<263:10:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cold', 'the train driver', 'plastic', 'a tennis ball']
questions ['Is this soup served hot or cold?', 'What is the name of the person who drives that vehicle?', 'What is this plate made from?', 'The man in the photo is reaching up to hit what type of object?'] predictions ['cold', 'the train driver', 'plastic', 'a tennis ball'] gold_answers ['hot', 'conductor', 'ceramic', 'tennis ball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 901/1262 [04:59<01:53,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 901/1262 [04:59<01:53,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 903/2846529 [05:00<263:06:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 903/2846529 [05:00<263:06:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pigeons', 'blue', 'sonic the hedgehog', 'spring']
questions ['What kind of birds are these?', 'What band is this car?', 'What famous sega video game character has a fondness for this food?', 'What season is it?'] predictions ['pigeons', 'blue', 'sonic the hedgehog', 'spring'] gold_answers ['pigeon', 'bmw', 'sonic', 'spring']

Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 902/1262 [05:00<01:54,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 902/1262 [05:00<01:54,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 904/2846529 [05:00<263:06:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 904/2846529 [05:00<263:06:37,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a beach', 'the bathroom', 'a golden retriever', 'a gold design']
questions ['What kind of place is this?', 'Who makes the lights over the mirror?', 'What type of dog is pictured on the left?', 'What design is on the headboard of the bed?'] predictions ['a beach', 'the bathroom', 'a golden retriever', 'a gold design'] gold_answers ['beach', 'general electric', 'golden retriever', 'swirl']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 903/1262 [05:00<01:52,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 903/1262 [05:00<01:52,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 905/2846529 [05:01<263:04:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 905/2846529 [05:01<263:04:54,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['men use them', 'calico', 'white', 'blue']
questions ['Do men or women use these?', 'What breed of cat is this?', 'What is another color that this animal is often found in?', "What is the complimentary color to the right man's shirt?"] predictions ['men use them', 'calico', 'white', 'blue'] gold_answers ['men', 'shorthair', 'black', 'green']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 904/1262 [05:00<01:44,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 904/1262 [05:00<01:44,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 906/2846529 [05:01<263:00:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 906/2846529 [05:01<263:00:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john f kennedy', 'the ocean', 'graffiti', 'to provide water']
questions ['What us president is this stuffed animal named after?', 'What ocean is he surfing on?', 'What to do you call this form of street art?', 'What are these items used for?'] predictions ['john f kennedy', 'the ocean', 'graffiti', 'to provide water'] gold_answers ['roosevelt', 'pacific', 'graffiti', 'extinguish fire']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 905/1262 [05:01<01:57,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 905/1262 [05:01<01:57,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 907/2846529 [05:01<263:04:16,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 907/2846529 [05:01<263:04:17,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cereal, fruit, and milk', 'males', 'donut', 'refrigerator']
questions ['What food groups are represented in this breakfast?', 'Is this bicycle for males or females?', 'What kind of pastry is the woman eating?', 'What is the name of the item used to keep things cool?'] predictions ['cereal, fruit, and milk', 'males', 'donut', 'refrigerator'] gold_answers ['fruit and grain', 'female', 'donut', 'fridge']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 906/1262 [05:01<01:56,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 906/1262 [05:01<01:56,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 908/2846529 [05:02<263:03:58,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 908/2846529 [05:02<263:03:58,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a city in the middle of the night', 'green', 'grass', 'soccer']
questions ['What city is this in?', 'What color would this be it it were transporting students?', 'What do these animals eat?', "What is the name of the sport which uses the ball which is in the man's hand?"] predictions ['a city in the middle of the night', 'green', 'grass', 'soccer'] gold_answers ['new york', 'yellow', 'hay', 'soccer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 907/1262 [05:01<02:05,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 907/1262 [05:01<02:05,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 909/2846529 [05:02<263:07:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 909/2846529 [05:02<263:07:59,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a few miles per hour', 'the best places to snowboard are in the mountains', 'a claw foot tub', 'stir fry']
questions ['How fast can one go using this equipment?', 'What are the best places to snowboard like in the photo?', 'What style of bathtub is near the window?', 'What kind of food is this called?'] predictions ['a few miles per hour', 'the best places to snowboard are in the mountains', 'a claw foot tub', 'stir fry'] gold_answers ['5 mph', 'mountain', 'clawfoot', 'stir fry']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 908/1262 [05:02<02:10,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 908/1262 [05:02<02:10,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 910/2846529 [05:03<263:11:57,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 910/2846529 [05:03<263:11:58,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the sun', 'paprika', 'to signal a stop', 'in a garden']
questions ['What heavenly object is seen above the mountains in the early morning?', 'What black spice could be added to this emal?', 'What is the purpose of the light on the pole?', 'Where is this photo taken?'] predictions ['the sun', 'paprika', 'to signal a stop', 'in a garden'] gold_answers ['sun', 'pepper', 'traffic control', 'outside']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 909/1262 [05:02<02:02,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 909/1262 [05:02<02:02,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 911/2846529 [05:03<263:10:07,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 911/2846529 [05:03<263:10:08,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['boys', 'donut', 'it is a cake', 'horseback riding']
questions ['This school is segregated for which gender?', 'What tire shaped food is in the image?', 'How is this item cooked?', 'What activity is this?'] predictions ['boys', 'donut', 'it is a cake', 'horseback riding'] gold_answers ['male', 'donut', 'baked', 'horse race']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 910/1262 [05:02<01:57,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 910/1262 [05:02<01:57,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 912/2846529 [05:03<263:08:16,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 912/2846529 [05:03<263:08:16,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop', 'church', 'video', 'construction']
questions ['What word is shown on the sign when in mexico?', 'What type of a worship place could that building be?', 'Apart from pictures what moving images can this device capture?', 'What kind of industry would the driver of this vehicle be in?'] predictions ['stop', 'church', 'video', 'construction'] gold_answers ['stop', 'church', 'video', 'construction']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 911/1262 [05:03<01:41,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 911/1262 [05:03<01:41,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 913/2846529 [05:03<263:00:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 913/2846529 [05:03<263:00:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tree', 'hp', 'the time', 'blue']
questions ['What is growing there?', 'Name the model of the laptop shown in this picture?', 'What does the round disk on the wall tell us?', 'What is the surface of this court made from?'] predictions ['a tree', 'hp', 'the time', 'blue'] gold_answers ['grape', 'dell', 'time', 'clay']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 912/1262 [05:03<01:36,  3.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 912/1262 [05:03<01:36,  3.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 914/2846529 [05:04<262:56:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 914/2846529 [05:04<262:56:11,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['billy the kid', '1890', 'a surfboard', 'You use it to store toothbrushes']
questions ['Who died on one of the objects seen here elvis presley or billy the kid?', 'When was that white equipment invented?', 'What kind of board is that?', 'What do you do with this type of equipment?'] predictions ['billy the kid', '1890', 'a surfboard', 'You use it to store toothbrushes'] gold_answers ['elvis presley', '1800s', 'surfboard', 'brush teeth']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 913/1262 [05:03<01:47,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 913/1262 [05:03<01:47,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 915/2846529 [05:04<262:58:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 915/2846529 [05:04<262:58:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['blurry', 'use a vacuum cleaner', 'no', 'a pound cake']
questions ['Is this a blurry picture or a clear picture?', 'How do you clean this?', 'Maxwell house says this is good to the last drop?', 'What kind of cake is this?'] predictions ['blurry', 'use a vacuum cleaner', 'no', 'a pound cake'] gold_answers ['blurry', 'bathtub', 'coffee', 'pound']

Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 914/1262 [05:04<01:46,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 914/1262 [05:04<01:46,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 916/2846529 [05:04<262:57:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 916/2846529 [05:04<262:57:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['asian', 'a person is paddling a board', 'the housekeeper', 'no']
questions ['What ethnicity is the man?', 'What activity is taking place?', 'What hotel worker made these beds?', 'How many survivers are there from this crash?'] predictions ['asian', 'a person is paddling a board', 'the housekeeper', 'no'] gold_answers ['asian', 'surf', 'maid', '0']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 915/1262 [05:04<01:56,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 915/1262 [05:04<01:56,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 917/2846529 [05:05<263:00:59,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 917/2846529 [05:05<263:00:59,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a dessert', 'small planes', 'mirrors', 'vietnam']
questions ['What type of nutrition value does this pastry have?', 'What types of planes are these?', 'What is suggested safety equipment utilized when driving this vehicle?', 'What city is this?'] predictions ['it is a dessert', 'small planes', 'mirrors', 'vietnam'] gold_answers ['0', 'fighter', 'helmet', 'beijing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 916/1262 [05:04<01:52,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 916/1262 [05:04<01:52,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 918/2846529 [05:05<262:59:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 918/2846529 [05:05<262:59:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snow', 'rainy', 'white', '1870']
questions ['What is covering the ground in this setting?', 'What kind of weather is this?', 'What material are the shoes made of?', 'What was the first time this was invented?'] predictions ['snow', 'rainy', 'white', '1870'] gold_answers ['snow', 'rainy', 'rubber', '1804']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 917/1262 [05:05<01:41,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 917/1262 [05:05<01:41,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 919/2846529 [05:05<262:53:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 919/2846529 [05:05<262:53:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['helmet', 'fridge', 'umpire', 'a lion']
questions ['What is this person wearing that is mandated by law?', 'Is this fridge or cupboard?', 'What is the name for the person who officiates this game?', 'Which animal can also live with the ones in the picture?'] predictions ['helmet', 'fridge', 'umpire', 'a lion'] gold_answers ['helmet', 'fridge', 'umpire', 'zebra']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 918/1262 [05:05<01:39,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 918/1262 [05:05<01:39,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 920/2846529 [05:05<262:50:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 920/2846529 [05:05<262:50:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a mule', 'j.c.penney', 'a dozen', 'a freight train']
questions ['What breed of horse is that?', 'What brand of jeans is the blonde girl wearing?', 'How many calories does this sort of food contain?', 'Name the model of train shown in this picture?'] predictions ['a mule', 'j.c.penney', 'a dozen', 'a freight train'] gold_answers ['mustang', 'levis', '200', 'electric']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 919/1262 [05:05<01:45,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 919/1262 [05:05<01:45,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 921/2846529 [05:06<262:51:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 921/2846529 [05:06<262:51:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['construction', 'in a store', 'wood', 'the referee']
questions ['What industry is this?', 'Where can you buy this?', 'Which type of tiles are used for making the floors of this house?', 'Who officiates this game?'] predictions ['construction', 'in a store', 'wood', 'the referee'] gold_answers ['construction', 'store', 'linoleum', 'referee']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 920/1262 [05:05<01:42,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 920/1262 [05:05<01:42,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 922/2846529 [05:06<262:48:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 922/2846529 [05:06<262:48:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1940', 'walking', 'white', 'they get nutrients']
questions ['What year is the motorcycle?', 'What are the sheep doing in the pasture?', 'What type of blanket is on this bed?', 'What health benefits do horses get from eating grass?'] predictions ['1940', 'walking', 'white', 'they get nutrients'] gold_answers ['1960', 'graze', 'comforter', 'nutrition']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 921/1262 [05:06<01:36,  3.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 921/1262 [05:06<01:36,  3.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 923/2846529 [05:06<262:44:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 923/2846529 [05:06<262:44:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is free', 'a wolf', 'suitcase', 'in a store']
questions ['How much is dinner here?', 'What animal did the animal on the right evolve from?', 'What is the object called?', 'Where can you buy a hat like that?'] predictions ['it is free', 'a wolf', 'suitcase', 'in a store'] gold_answers ['expensive', 'wolf', 'suitcase', 'store']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 922/1262 [05:06<01:35,  3.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 922/1262 [05:06<01:35,  3.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 924/2846529 [05:07<262:41:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 924/2846529 [05:07<262:41:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['asian', 'glass', 'red and white checkered', 'rainy']
questions ['What ethnicty are the people?', 'What is the desk made of?', 'What is the pattern of the table cloth called?', 'What is the weather like?'] predictions ['asian', 'glass', 'red and white checkered', 'rainy'] gold_answers ['indian', 'glass', 'checkered', 'rainy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 923/1262 [05:06<01:37,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 923/1262 [05:06<01:37,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 925/2846529 [05:07<262:39:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 925/2846529 [05:07<262:39:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['skiing', 'plastic', 'nikon', 'ocean']
questions ['What other sport is practiced in this environment?', 'What are the chairs made from?', 'What company manufactured the camera seen here?', 'What body of water is that?'] predictions ['skiing', 'plastic', 'nikon', 'ocean'] gold_answers ['ski', 'leather', 'canon', 'ocean']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 924/1262 [05:06<01:32,  3.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 924/1262 [05:06<01:32,  3.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 926/2846529 [05:07<262:35:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 926/2846529 [05:07<262:35:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['skiing', 'a triangle', 'a plane', 'they are stopped in traffic']
questions ['What other sport is popular on snowy mountains?', 'What shape is cut out here?', 'What sort of geometry sounds like the vehicle shown here?', 'Why are the vehicles in this picture not moving?'] predictions ['skiing', 'a triangle', 'a plane', 'they are stopped in traffic'] gold_answers ['snowboard', 'diamond', 'plane', 'stopped']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 925/1262 [05:07<01:34,  3.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 925/1262 [05:07<01:34,  3.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 927/2846529 [05:07<262:33:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 927/2846529 [05:07<262:33:26,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dark blue', 'white cake', 'in the pacific ocean', 'a call center']
questions ['What shade of blue is the racket?', 'What was their cake made out of?', 'Where were the items being carried into the water invented?', 'Where might this man work?'] predictions ['dark blue', 'white cake', 'in the pacific ocean', 'a call center'] gold_answers ['navy', 'cupcake', 'hawaii', 'office']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 926/1262 [05:07<01:38,  3.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 926/1262 [05:07<01:38,  3.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 928/2846529 [05:08<262:33:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 928/2846529 [05:08<262:33:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['eat it', 'ties', 'tea', 'homemade']
questions ["What's the next thing that this man is likely to do with the object in his hand?", 'What are these people all wearing?', 'What beverage is most likely in the clear glass?', 'Is this a homemade cake or bought in a store?'] predictions ['eat it', 'ties', 'tea', 'homemade'] gold_answers ['eat', 'tie', 'tea', 'homemade']

Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 927/1262 [05:07<01:33,  3.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 927/1262 [05:07<01:33,  3.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 929/2846529 [05:08<262:28:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 929/2846529 [05:08<262:28:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['televisions', 'they are both white', 'wetsuits', 'broccoli']
questions ['What other products does jvc make?', 'Fashion models have what in common with these vehicles?', 'What are these people wearing?', 'What green vegetable is mixed with the chicken?'] predictions ['televisions', 'they are both white', 'wetsuits', 'broccoli'] gold_answers ['dvd player', 'runway', 'wet suit', 'broccoli']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 928/1262 [05:08<01:32,  3.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 928/1262 [05:08<01:32,  3.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 930/2846529 [05:08<262:25:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 930/2846529 [05:08<262:25:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dark clouds', 'happy', 'a passenger train', 'a lot']
questions ['What types of clouds are forming in the sky?', 'What emotion is shown in the picture?', 'Name the model of train shown in this picture?', 'How many calories are in this food?'] predictions ['dark clouds', 'happy', 'a passenger train', 'a lot'] gold_answers ['cumulus', 'happy', 'commuter', '300']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 929/1262 [05:08<01:32,  3.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 929/1262 [05:08<01:32,  3.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 931/2846529 [05:09<262:22:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 931/2846529 [05:09<262:22:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pineapple', 'a seagull', 'frisbees', 'breakfast']
questions ['What about this picture makes one think of hawaii?', 'What kind of bird is this?', 'What food do these animals eat?', 'What meal would this be served for?'] predictions ['pineapple', 'a seagull', 'frisbees', 'breakfast'] gold_answers ['pineapple', 'seagull', 'dog food', 'dinner']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 930/1262 [05:08<01:33,  3.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 930/1262 [05:08<01:33,  3.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 932/2846529 [05:09<262:20:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 932/2846529 [05:09<262:20:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['luggage', 'the black dog', 'in a field', 'pottery']
questions ['What kind of bags are they using?', 'Which of these dogs will be the biggest when fully grown?', 'Where would you find this animal?', 'What art is this?'] predictions ['luggage', 'the black dog', 'in a field', 'pottery'] gold_answers ['luggage', 'black 1', 'farm', 'pottery']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 931/1262 [05:08<01:32,  3.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 931/1262 [05:08<01:32,  3.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 933/2846529 [05:09<262:17:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 933/2846529 [05:09<262:17:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sydney', 'fig trees', 'they are very large', 'a calico']
questions ['What city is in the background of this photo?', 'What are the trees in the backhround called?', 'How big do these animals get?', 'What breed of cat is that?'] predictions ['sydney', 'fig trees', 'they are very large', 'a calico'] gold_answers ['nairobi', 'palm', 'huge', 'calico']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 932/1262 [05:09<01:34,  3.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 932/1262 [05:09<01:34,  3.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 934/2846529 [05:09<262:16:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 934/2846529 [05:09<262:16:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a restaurant', 'double decker', 'preparing food', 'american']
questions ['Where do these people work?', 'What do you call these kinds of buses?', 'What activity do the these utensils assist in?', 'What airline does this plane belong to?'] predictions ['in a restaurant', 'double decker', 'preparing food', 'american'] gold_answers ['restaurant', 'double decker', 'cut', 'delta']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 933/1262 [05:09<01:32,  3.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 933/1262 [05:09<01:32,  3.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 935/2846529 [05:10<262:13:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 935/2846529 [05:10<262:13:08,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in 1996', 'computer', 'coffee, sugar, and milk', 'a bicycle race']
questions ['When was the first game of this created?', 'What is this electronic device called?', 'What are the ingredients of this drink?', 'What race is this?'] predictions ['in 1996', 'computer', 'coffee, sugar, and milk', 'a bicycle race'] gold_answers ['2006', 'computer', 'coffee', 'bicycle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 934/1262 [05:09<01:36,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 934/1262 [05:09<01:36,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 936/2846529 [05:10<262:12:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 936/2846529 [05:10<262:12:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a hull', 'soccer', 'granite', 'a horse and carriage']
questions ['The gray boat shown in this photo is made up of which category of wood?', 'What sport is being played?', 'What is the counter made of?', 'What replaced this mode of transportation in the 1800s?'] predictions ['a hull', 'soccer', 'granite', 'a horse and carriage'] gold_answers ['pine', 'soccer', 'formica', 'car']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 935/1262 [05:10<01:37,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 935/1262 [05:10<01:37,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 937/2846529 [05:10<262:11:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 937/2846529 [05:10<262:11:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to a city', 'a school bus', 'grey walls', 'cirrus']
questions ['Where is this bus going?', 'What kind of bus is that?', 'What type of walls was used in this washroom?', 'What is the name of the type of clouds?'] predictions ['to a city', 'a school bus', 'grey walls', 'cirrus'] gold_answers ['norwood', 'school', 'tile', 'cumulus']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 936/1262 [05:10<01:35,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 936/1262 [05:10<01:35,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 938/2846529 [05:11<262:08:47,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 938/2846529 [05:11<262:08:48,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['shows a bicycle and a person', 'it is cold', 'an airplane', 'a tea party']
questions ['What does this do?', 'What is the temperature like?', 'What method of travel is the girl in the picture waiting for?', 'What activity are these bears promoting?'] predictions ['shows a bicycle and a person', 'it is cold', 'an airplane', 'a tea party'] gold_answers ['give information', 'warm', 'plane', 'dine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 937/1262 [05:10<01:43,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 937/1262 [05:10<01:43,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 939/2846529 [05:11<262:11:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 939/2846529 [05:11<262:11:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['graffiti', 'a fire hydrant', 'developmental', 'whirlpool']
questions ['What is the name the style of painting on the truck?', 'What in this image can you not park in front of?', 'What type of infant development is this toy probably used for?', 'Name the refrigerator model shown in this picture?'] predictions ['graffiti', 'a fire hydrant', 'developmental', 'whirlpool'] gold_answers ['graffiti', 'fire hydrant', 'teeth', 'refrigerator']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 938/1262 [05:11<01:43,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 938/1262 [05:11<01:43,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 940/2846529 [05:11<262:10:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 940/2846529 [05:11<262:10:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['refrigerator', 'blue', 'nintendo', 'coffee']
questions ['Which appliance in this room is used to keep things cold?', 'How was the surface of this tennis court colored?', 'What brand makes this controller?', 'What popular drink might accompany this snack?'] predictions ['refrigerator', 'blue', 'nintendo', 'coffee'] gold_answers ['fridge', 'paint', 'nintendo', 'beer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 939/1262 [05:11<01:41,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 939/1262 [05:11<01:41,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 941/2846529 [05:12<262:09:05,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 941/2846529 [05:12<262:09:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a li-ion battery', 'police car', 'stop at the stop sign', 'snowboard']
questions ['What type of battery is used for this remote?', 'What type of emergency vehicle might this be?', 'What must a driver do when they encounter the red sign seen here?', 'This kid is grinding a rail on what kind of board?'] predictions ['a li-ion battery', 'police car', 'stop at the stop sign', 'snowboard'] gold_answers ['aa', 'police car', 'stop', 'snowboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 940/1262 [05:11<01:50,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 940/1262 [05:11<01:50,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 942/2846529 [05:12<262:12:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 942/2846529 [05:12<262:12:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cake', 'to keep your computer keyboard clean', 'a white shirt', "the st. paul's cathedral"]
questions ['What kind of pastry is this?', 'What is this used for?', 'What is the woman wearing?', 'What is the name of this famous building?'] predictions ['cake', 'to keep your computer keyboard clean', 'a white shirt', "the st. paul's cathedral"] gold_answers ['cake', 'work', 'vest', 'big ben']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 941/1262 [05:12<01:58,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 941/1262 [05:12<01:58,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 943/2846529 [05:12<262:18:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 943/2846529 [05:12<262:18:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wood', 'a cowboy hat', 'It is used for a computer', 'guitar']
questions ['Name the material used to make this skating board shown in this picture?', 'What sort of hat is this man wearing?', 'What is this room used for?', 'Ansal adams used what instrument?'] predictions ['wood', 'a cowboy hat', 'It is used for a computer', 'guitar'] gold_answers ['fiberglass', 'cowboy', 'sleep', 'camera']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 942/1262 [05:12<01:56,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 942/1262 [05:12<01:56,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 944/2846529 [05:13<262:19:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 944/2846529 [05:13<262:19:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['gas', 'a city in the middle of the city', 'blackberry', 'orange juice']
questions ['Is that an electric or gas stove?', 'What city is seen here?', 'What kind of phones are being used?', 'What is in the glass on the left?'] predictions ['gas', 'a city in the middle of the city', 'blackberry', 'orange juice'] gold_answers ['gas', 'miami', 'cell', 'orange juice']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 943/1262 [05:13<02:00,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 943/1262 [05:13<02:00,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 945/2846529 [05:13<262:22:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 945/2846529 [05:13<262:22:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['frank wilson', 'electricity', 'a tennis racket', 'it is hot']
questions ['Who invented this machine?', 'What energy source does this object run on?', 'What kind of tennis racket is the man using?', 'What is the temperature like?'] predictions ['frank wilson', 'electricity', 'a tennis racket', 'it is hot'] gold_answers ['wright brother', 'battery', 'wilson', 'cool']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 944/1262 [05:13<01:57,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 944/1262 [05:13<01:57,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 946/2846529 [05:14<262:23:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 946/2846529 [05:14<262:23:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bread', 'ham', 'a motorcycle', 'bedroom']
questions ['What are the food items in this photo called?', 'What type of meat is on the plate?', 'What will take you somewhere?', "If you had to take a guess would you say that this is someone's bedroom or a hotel room?"] predictions ['bread', 'ham', 'a motorcycle', 'bedroom'] gold_answers ['pizza', 'spam', 'motorcycle', 'bedroom']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 945/1262 [05:13<01:45,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 945/1262 [05:13<01:45,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 947/2846529 [05:14<262:19:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 947/2846529 [05:14<262:19:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['christmas', 'chevy pickup truck', 'a storm', 'it is a car']
questions ['What holiday is it?', 'What kind of truck is this?', 'What type of weather do these clouds signify?', 'What is the seating capacity of the silver vehicle?'] predictions ['christmas', 'chevy pickup truck', 'a storm', 'it is a car'] gold_answers ['christmas', 'ford', 'rain', '8']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 946/1262 [05:13<01:41,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 946/1262 [05:13<01:41,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 948/2846529 [05:14<262:17:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 948/2846529 [05:14<262:17:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cruiser', 'it is looking at the water', 'a school bus', 'white']
questions ['Waht brand of bike is this?', 'Why is the cow here?', 'What kind of bus is there?', 'What ethnicity are the people?'] predictions ['cruiser', 'it is looking at the water', 'a school bus', 'white'] gold_answers ['schwinn', 'drink', 'school bus', 'asian']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 947/1262 [05:14<01:41,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 947/1262 [05:14<01:41,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 949/2846529 [05:14<262:17:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 949/2846529 [05:14<262:17:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brown bears', 'mountain', 'jane mcdonald', 'the pancakes']
questions ['What type of bears are these?', 'What type of natural structure is off to the right?', 'Who is she?', 'Which food item here is not high carb?'] predictions ['brown bears', 'mountain', 'jane mcdonald', 'the pancakes'] gold_answers ['brown', 'mountain', 'bride', 'cucumber']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 948/1262 [05:14<01:49,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 948/1262 [05:14<01:49,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 950/2846529 [05:15<262:21:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 950/2846529 [05:15<262:21:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['text messages', 'glazed', 'chinese', 'it is a lap cat']
questions ['What form of communication can be sent using the keyboard on this device?', 'What flavor of donuts are the ones shown here?', 'What language are these signs in?', 'Why might someone choose to own this animal?'] predictions ['text messages', 'glazed', 'chinese', 'it is a lap cat'] gold_answers ['text', 'glazed', 'japanese', 'companionship']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 949/1262 [05:15<01:47,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 949/1262 [05:15<01:47,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 951/2846529 [05:15<262:21:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 951/2846529 [05:15<262:21:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['two', 'a school lunch', 'canada', 'john f kennedy']
questions ['How many chromosomes do these creatures have?', 'What kind of meal is this?', 'The birds on the television derive their name from what country?', 'What famous president wore a similar hat?'] predictions ['two', 'a school lunch', 'canada', 'john f kennedy'] gold_answers ['46', 'dinner', 'canada', 'abraham lincoln']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 950/1262 [05:15<01:52,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 950/1262 [05:15<01:52,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 952/2846529 [05:16<262:24:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 952/2846529 [05:16<262:24:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cooking', 'riding horses', 'a hose', 'nintendo']
questions ['What activity is being done?', 'What activity is this?', 'What is connected to the fire hydrant?', 'What brand makes the gaming system shown?'] predictions ['cooking', 'riding horses', 'a hose', 'nintendo'] gold_answers ['grill', 'horseback ride', 'hose', 'wii']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 951/1262 [05:15<01:46,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 951/1262 [05:15<01:46,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 953/2846529 [05:16<262:23:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 953/2846529 [05:16<262:23:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a toilet', 'Angus', 'eating', 'a flip']
questions ['What could i use to wash my body?', 'What breed of cows are these?', 'What are these people doing?', 'What skateboard trick is the boy performing?'] predictions ['a toilet', 'Angus', 'eating', 'a flip'] gold_answers ['soap', 'shorthorn', 'eat', 'kickflip']

Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 952/1262 [05:15<01:37,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 952/1262 [05:15<01:37,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 954/2846529 [05:16<262:18:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 954/2846529 [05:16<262:18:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['adults', 'two dogs', 'decorative', 'a chihuahua']
questions ['Are these elephants babies or adults?', 'What kind of dogs are these?', 'Are the objects decorative or useful?', 'What breed of animal is this?'] predictions ['adults', 'two dogs', 'decorative', 'a chihuahua'] gold_answers ['baby', 'collie and beagle', 'decorative', 'dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 953/1262 [05:16<01:47,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 953/1262 [05:16<01:47,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 955/2846529 [05:17<262:23:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 955/2846529 [05:17<262:23:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the united states', 'you ski down a hill', 'surfboard', 'tie and tie']
questions ['What country serves this most?', 'How do you compete in this sport?', 'What is the white object called that the man is holding on to?', "Name the items of clothing round the man's neck?"] predictions ['the united states', 'you ski down a hill', 'surfboard', 'tie and tie'] gold_answers ['united state', 'ski', 'surfboard', 'tie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 954/1262 [05:16<01:45,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 954/1262 [05:16<01:45,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 956/2846529 [05:17<262:23:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 956/2846529 [05:17<262:23:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['emollient', 'it is raining', 'a bridge', 'a golden retriever']
questions ['What brandname are the lip balms?', 'Why is this picture fuzzy?', 'What landmark is in the photo?', 'What dog breed is pictured here?'] predictions ['emollient', 'it is raining', 'a bridge', 'a golden retriever'] gold_answers ['chapstick', 'rain', 'tower', 'golden retriever']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 955/1262 [05:17<01:42,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 955/1262 [05:17<01:42,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 957/2846529 [05:17<262:22:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 957/2846529 [05:17<262:22:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white', 'steel', 'electricity', 'stop at the light']
questions ['Which type of ceramic is used for making the toilet shown in this photo?', 'What is the train made of?', 'What energy source does the appliance in the image run on?', 'What is the proper response when traveling in a vehicle and seeing a red traffic light?'] predictions ['white', 'steel', 'electricity', 'stop at the light'] gold_answers ['porcelain', 'steel', 'electricity', 'stop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 956/1262 [05:17<01:36,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 956/1262 [05:17<01:36,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 958/2846529 [05:17<262:19:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 958/2846529 [05:17<262:19:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are not in the rain', 'a typing school', 'a pizza with the word bici', 'beer']
questions ["Why don't the other people have an umbrella?", 'Where would someone go to learn to type?', 'What type of pizza is this?', 'What drink is this?'] predictions ['they are not in the rain', 'a typing school', 'a pizza with the word bici', 'beer'] gold_answers ['not rain hard', 'school', 'cheese', 'beer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 957/1262 [05:17<01:44,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 957/1262 [05:17<01:44,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 959/2846529 [05:18<262:23:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 959/2846529 [05:18<262:23:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dark clouds', 'alone', 'california', 'baseball']
questions ['What type of clouds are depicted?', 'Does this type of bird travel alone or in a flock?', 'Which part of the country could this be?', 'What type of league is this?'] predictions ['dark clouds', 'alone', 'california', 'baseball'] gold_answers ['rain', 'alone', 'beach', 'little league']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 958/1262 [05:18<01:42,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 958/1262 [05:18<01:42,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 960/2846529 [05:18<262:23:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 960/2846529 [05:18<262:23:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a skate park', 'john taylor', 'fruit and vegetable', 'end']
questions ['Where is this picture taken?', 'Who first invented the type of lighting fixture shown?', 'What kind of store is this?', 'Would this food be eaten at the beginning or end of a meal?'] predictions ['in a skate park', 'john taylor', 'fruit and vegetable', 'end'] gold_answers ['skate park', 'thomas edison', 'market', 'end']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 959/1262 [05:18<01:43,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 959/1262 [05:18<01:43,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 961/2846529 [05:19<262:24:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 961/2846529 [05:19<262:24:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['apple macbook pro', 'a car', 'cars', 'they stop']
questions ['What style of keyboard and mouse is this?', 'What should these men look out for to be safe?', 'What kind of cars are driving here?', 'What do cars do when the street lights are this color?'] predictions ['apple macbook pro', 'a car', 'cars', 'they stop'] gold_answers ['wireless', 'car', 'compact', 'stop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 960/1262 [05:18<01:37,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 960/1262 [05:18<01:37,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 962/2846529 [05:19<262:21:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 962/2846529 [05:19<262:21:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john f. kennedy', 'about an hour', 'her friend', 'fruit']
questions ['Who invented the object the woman is holding?', 'How long does it take to make these cookies?', 'Who is she calling?', 'What vegetables are on this plate?'] predictions ['john f. kennedy', 'about an hour', 'her friend', 'fruit'] gold_answers ['samuel fox', '30 minutes', 'friend', 'lettuce']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 961/1262 [05:19<01:47,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 961/1262 [05:19<01:47,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 963/2846529 [05:19<262:26:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 963/2846529 [05:19<262:26:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a cactus', 'john f kennedy', 'a jet', 'meat']
questions ['What type of plant is the one on the most right?', 'Whose face is on the coin?', 'What type of fighter jet is this?', 'What would you have to remove to make this lunch vegetarian?'] predictions ['a cactus', 'john f kennedy', 'a jet', 'meat'] gold_answers ['tree', 'roosevelt', 'air force', 'meat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 962/1262 [05:19<01:51,  2.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 962/1262 [05:19<01:51,  2.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 964/2846529 [05:20<262:30:11,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 964/2846529 [05:20<262:30:11,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['icing', 'a city', 'broccoli', 'they are high']
questions ['What makes up the smoke stack on this cake?', 'What type of place is this?', 'What is the green leafy vegetable that looks like little bushes in this dish?', 'How high off the ground are these traffic lights?'] predictions ['icing', 'a city', 'broccoli', 'they are high'] gold_answers ['marshmellow', 'city', 'broccoli', '15 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 963/1262 [05:19<01:39,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 963/1262 [05:19<01:39,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 965/2846529 [05:20<262:25:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 965/2846529 [05:20<262:25:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the sky', 'washing clothes', 'she is walking in the rain', 'greyhound']
questions ['Where would i see these?', 'What chore could you complete in this room in a ddition to bathing?', 'Why does she have an umbrella?', 'Can you guess the breed of dog shown in this picture?'] predictions ['in the sky', 'washing clothes', 'she is walking in the rain', 'greyhound'] gold_answers ['air show', 'laundry', 'rain', 'greyhound']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 964/1262 [05:20<01:38,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 964/1262 [05:20<01:38,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 966/2846529 [05:20<262:25:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 966/2846529 [05:20<262:25:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['school', 'it is very cold', 'asian', 'kenmore']
questions ['What institution are these children going to?', 'What is the temperature like here?', 'What is the ethnicity?', 'Name the hair dryer brand name shown in this picture?'] predictions ['school', 'it is very cold', 'asian', 'kenmore'] gold_answers ['school', 'cold', 'asian', 'conair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 965/1262 [05:20<01:32,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 965/1262 [05:20<01:32,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 967/2846529 [05:20<262:22:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 967/2846529 [05:20<262:22:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a hair salon', 'leather', '1886', 'rock']
questions ['What kind of business?', 'What material is this sofa made of?', 'When was the company on this toothbrush founded?', 'The natural structure shown is made of what material?'] predictions ['a hair salon', 'leather', '1886', 'rock'] gold_answers ['salon', 'leather', '1806', 'rock']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 966/1262 [05:20<01:28,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 966/1262 [05:20<01:28,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 968/2846529 [05:21<262:19:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 968/2846529 [05:21<262:19:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['holiday', 'russia', 'a kitchen', 'phone holster']
questions ['What type of occasions are represented?', 'Which country won the 2018 world cup?', 'What room is this?', 'Is this a phone holster or a pda holster?'] predictions ['holiday', 'russia', 'a kitchen', 'phone holster'] gold_answers ['holiday', 'france', 'kitchen', 'phone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 967/1262 [05:20<01:25,  3.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 967/1262 [05:20<01:25,  3.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 969/2846529 [05:21<262:16:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 969/2846529 [05:21<262:16:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are eating breakfast', 'christmas', 'double decker', 'a giraffe is an animal that is']
questions ['Why would we assume that someone is looking for energy for their day?', 'What holiday are these people celebrating?', 'What is the height of that bus?', 'What is the average size of this animal at birth?'] predictions ['they are eating breakfast', 'christmas', 'double decker', 'a giraffe is an animal that is'] gold_answers ['coffee', 'christmas', '15 feet', '6 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 968/1262 [05:21<01:40,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 968/1262 [05:21<01:40,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 970/2846529 [05:21<262:22:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 970/2846529 [05:21<262:22:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fox news', 'yellow', 'a bird', 'a white shirt']
questions ['What famous news channel is being broadcast on the television?', "What's the standard ripe color for objects in the picture?", 'What type of bird is this?', 'What type of shirt does the tall man have on?'] predictions ['fox news', 'yellow', 'a bird', 'a white shirt'] gold_answers ['fox news', 'yellow', 'finch', 'striped']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 969/1262 [05:21<01:34,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 969/1262 [05:21<01:34,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 971/2846529 [05:22<262:19:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 971/2846529 [05:22<262:19:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['squat', 'commercial', 'concrete', 'a skateboard trick']
questions ['What is the name of the snowboarding posture pictured here?', 'Does this appear to be a commercial or personal boat?', 'What material are the ramps in the photo made from?', 'What is this trick called?'] predictions ['squat', 'commercial', 'concrete', 'a skateboard trick'] gold_answers ['kneel', 'commercial', 'concrete', 'grind']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 970/1262 [05:21<01:32,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 970/1262 [05:21<01:32,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 972/2846529 [05:22<262:18:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 972/2846529 [05:22<262:18:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['scissors', 'a semi truck', 'john f kennedy', 'english']
questions ['The pendant represents what?', 'What kind of truck is in the photo?', 'The stuffed animal in this picture is named for which president?', 'What language is the sign on the bear in?'] predictions ['scissors', 'a semi truck', 'john f kennedy', 'english'] gold_answers ['scissor', 'semi', 'teddy roosevelt', 'spanish']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 971/1262 [05:22<01:40,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 971/1262 [05:22<01:40,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 973/2846529 [05:22<262:22:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 973/2846529 [05:22<262:22:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plate', 'daisies', 'vegetables', 'shake hands']
questions ['What might you put these on?', 'What kind of flower is this?', 'What are the ingredients on top of this pizza classified as?', 'What does a handshake mean in greeting?'] predictions ['a plate', 'daisies', 'vegetables', 'shake hands'] gold_answers ['taco', 'daisy', 'vegetable', 'hello']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 972/1262 [05:22<01:31,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 972/1262 [05:22<01:31,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 974/2846529 [05:23<262:18:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 974/2846529 [05:23<262:18:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to ride', 'at the airport', 'the tongue', 'in an oven']
questions ['What are the reigns on the horse used for?', 'Where is this vehicle?', 'What body part of the giraffe is the slimiest?', 'In what way is this chef cooking?'] predictions ['to ride', 'at the airport', 'the tongue', 'in an oven'] gold_answers ['control', 'airport', 'tongue', 'bake']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 973/1262 [05:22<01:24,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 973/1262 [05:22<01:24,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 975/2846529 [05:23<262:13:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 975/2846529 [05:23<262:13:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a tennis club', 'in a zoo', 'a stallion', 'referee']
questions ['Where did this man learn to play tennis?', 'Where would you find this animal?', 'What is type of horse is brown and black?', 'What is the job of the man in black?'] predictions ['in a tennis club', 'in a zoo', 'a stallion', 'referee'] gold_answers ['school', 'zoo', 'arabian', 'referee']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 974/1262 [05:23<01:29,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 974/1262 [05:23<01:29,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 976/2846529 [05:23<262:14:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 976/2846529 [05:23<262:14:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in china', 'a backpack', 'a country in the middle east', 'a cell phone']
questions ['Where was the pattern on this plate manufactured?', 'What would one expect to see with to support a skier?', 'What country is a room like this probably located in?', 'What type of phone is shown in the image?'] predictions ['in china', 'a backpack', 'a country in the middle east', 'a cell phone'] gold_answers ['france', 'pole', 'usa', 'iphone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 975/1262 [05:23<01:33,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 975/1262 [05:23<01:33,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 977/2846529 [05:24<262:16:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 977/2846529 [05:24<262:16:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the victorian era', 'the satanic symbol', 'wood', 'it requires a lot of gas']
questions ['What popular pbs television show might display items like these?', 'What is the name of the conspiracy theory that involves these marks in the sky?', 'Name the material from which this bat is made of?', 'How much gas does this type of transportation usually require?'] predictions ['the victorian era', 'the satanic symbol', 'wood', 'it requires a lot of gas'] gold_answers ['antique roadshow', 'chemtrails', 'metal', '50 gallons']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 976/1262 [05:23<01:35,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 976/1262 [05:23<01:35,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 978/2846529 [05:24<262:17:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 978/2846529 [05:24<262:17:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sub sandwich', 'Facebook', 'a can of soda', 'he is a pilot']
questions ['What kind of sandwich is pictured?', 'On what platform might she post this photo?', 'What drink is in this persons hand?', 'Why is this man dressed like this?'] predictions ['a sub sandwich', 'Facebook', 'a can of soda', 'he is a pilot'] gold_answers ['sub', 'facebook', 'vitamin water', 'pilot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 977/1262 [05:24<01:35,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 977/1262 [05:24<01:35,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 979/2846529 [05:24<262:17:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 979/2846529 [05:24<262:17:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['one year old', 'in a pet store', 'in a zoo', 'it is a chinese dish']
questions ['How old is this baby?', 'Where can you buy this pet?', 'What part of africa do these animals live?', 'What nationality is this food?'] predictions ['one year old', 'in a pet store', 'in a zoo', 'it is a chinese dish'] gold_answers ['6 months', 'pet store', 'south', 'american']

Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 978/1262 [05:24<01:41,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 978/1262 [05:24<01:41,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 980/2846529 [05:25<262:21:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 980/2846529 [05:25<262:21:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the World Series', 'white couch', 'newscaster', 'in a pet store']
questions ['The championship game of this sport is more specifically known as what?', 'What type of furniture is the girl leaning against?', 'What is the mans occupation?', 'Where can you buy this pet?'] predictions ['the World Series', 'white couch', 'newscaster', 'in a pet store'] gold_answers ['world series', 'couch', 'reporter', 'shelter']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 979/1262 [05:24<01:36,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 979/1262 [05:24<01:36,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 981/2846529 [05:25<262:20:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 981/2846529 [05:25<262:20:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['on the street', 'stop means stop', 'food', 'pepperoni']
questions ['Where are the buses stopped?', 'What does stop mean?', 'What sort of things might be sold in this establishment?', 'What protein is on this pizza?'] predictions ['on the street', 'stop means stop', 'food', 'pepperoni'] gold_answers ['street', "don't go", 'food', 'pepperoni']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 980/1262 [05:25<01:28,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 980/1262 [05:25<01:28,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 982/2846529 [05:25<262:15:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 982/2846529 [05:25<262:15:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wood', 'a train track', 'graffiti', 'digital clock']
questions ['Which material is used to make this bat shown in this picture?', 'What is this riding on?', 'Name the painting material used to paint this vechicle in this picture?', 'This form of relaying time is also a type of technology known as what?'] predictions ['wood', 'a train track', 'graffiti', 'digital clock'] gold_answers ['aluminum', 'track', 'spray', 'digital']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 981/1262 [05:25<01:24,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 981/1262 [05:25<01:24,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 983/2846529 [05:26<262:13:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 983/2846529 [05:26<262:13:15,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['giraffe', 'it is a spring day', 'milk', 'nintendo']
questions ['What is the animal name mentioned on the bus in image?', 'What type of temperature is this?', 'What food do these animals eat?', 'What company created this gaming system?'] predictions ['giraffe', 'it is a spring day', 'milk', 'nintendo'] gold_answers ['tortoise', 'cold', 'milk', 'nintendo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 982/1262 [05:25<01:26,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 982/1262 [05:25<01:26,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 984/2846529 [05:26<262:13:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 984/2846529 [05:26<262:13:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a good source of vitamin c', 'a moped', 'the united states and canada', 'it is hot']
questions ['What are the health qualities of this food?', 'What model of motorbike is this?', "The colors of the bus are which countries' colors?", 'What is the outside temperature?'] predictions ['it is a good source of vitamin c', 'a moped', 'the united states and canada', 'it is hot'] gold_answers ['vitamin c', 'scooter', 'america', '70 degrees']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 983/1262 [05:26<01:37,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 983/1262 [05:26<01:37,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 985/2846529 [05:26<262:18:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 985/2846529 [05:26<262:18:14,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rainy', 'on a cliff', 'no brand name', 'metal']
questions ['What is the weather like?', 'Where are these puffins?', 'What is the brand name of the cell phone being used in this photo?', 'What material is the shelf behind the woman made out of?'] predictions ['rainy', 'on a cliff', 'no brand name', 'metal'] gold_answers ['rainy', 'mountain', 'motorola', 'granite']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 984/1262 [05:26<01:33,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 984/1262 [05:26<01:33,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 986/2846529 [05:27<262:16:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 986/2846529 [05:27<262:16:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snow', 'graffiti', 'frisbee', 'it is a ham']
questions ['What weather conditions are required to participate in the sport shown in the photo?', 'The painted lettering under the bridge is called what?', 'What sport is this item used in?', 'How is this meat made?'] predictions ['snow', 'graffiti', 'frisbee', 'it is a ham'] gold_answers ['snow', 'graffiti', 'frisbee', 'cooked']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 985/1262 [05:26<01:32,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 985/1262 [05:26<01:32,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 987/2846529 [05:27<262:16:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 987/2846529 [05:27<262:16:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is out', 'romaine', 'suit', 'a small plane']
questions ["What happens if he doesn't hit the ball after three tries?", 'Name the green leaf in this plate?', 'What is the name for this style of clothing?', 'Name the model of aircraft shown in this picture?'] predictions ['he is out', 'romaine', 'suit', 'a small plane'] gold_answers ['he is out', 'basil', 'formal', 'cesna']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 986/1262 [05:27<01:26,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 986/1262 [05:27<01:26,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 988/2846529 [05:27<262:13:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 988/2846529 [05:27<262:13:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['long', 'plane', 'wool', 'wedding']
questions ['How long is his tail mane?', 'Are they sitting on a plane or a bus?', 'What is that jacket made of?', 'What event is this?'] predictions ['long', 'plane', 'wool', 'wedding'] gold_answers ['3 feet', 'plane', 'leather', 'wed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 987/1262 [05:27<01:16,  3.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 987/1262 [05:27<01:16,  3.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 989/2846529 [05:27<262:07:07,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 989/2846529 [05:27<262:07:07,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it broke', 'messy', 'a motorcycle with a tire that is a different size than the car', 'water']
questions ['What happened to the bat?', 'If this is a college student is the room messy or clean?', 'What kind of tires are on that motorcycle?', 'What do these animals drink?'] predictions ['it broke', 'messy', 'a motorcycle with a tire that is a different size than the car', 'water'] gold_answers ['broke', 'messy', 'wide', 'water']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 988/1262 [05:27<01:43,  2.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 988/1262 [05:27<01:43,  2.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 990/2846529 [05:28<262:20:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 990/2846529 [05:28<262:20:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a bakery', 'egypt', 'boxer', 'theodore roosevelt']
questions ['Where are these donuts being made?', 'In what country is this animal found?', 'What breed of dog is seen in this picture?', 'This plush toy was named after what us president?'] predictions ['in a bakery', 'egypt', 'boxer', 'theodore roosevelt'] gold_answers ['bakery', 'india', 'boxer', 'theodore roosevelt']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 989/1262 [05:28<01:50,  2.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 989/1262 [05:28<01:50,  2.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 991/2846529 [05:29<262:26:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 991/2846529 [05:29<262:26:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bicycle', 'silver', 'ocean', 'oats']
questions ['Which brand of cycle is shown in this photo?', 'What color are these devices usually painted?', 'What type of water is this?', 'What is this made with?'] predictions ['a bicycle', 'silver', 'ocean', 'oats'] gold_answers ['schwinn', 'red', 'salt', 'flour']

Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 990/1262 [05:28<01:39,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 990/1262 [05:28<01:39,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 992/2846529 [05:29<262:23:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 992/2846529 [05:29<262:23:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to keep the dog safe', 'shaking hands with another man', 'boats', 'in a bakery']
questions ['What is the purpose of the cage in the back?', 'What is the man in red doing?', 'What are these all together?', 'Where would you find this?'] predictions ['to keep the dog safe', 'shaking hands with another man', 'boats', 'in a bakery'] gold_answers ['transport', 'salute', 'docked', 'bakery']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 991/1262 [05:28<01:33,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 991/1262 [05:28<01:33,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 993/2846529 [05:29<262:22:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 993/2846529 [05:29<262:22:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wine glass', 'blood', 'it is on tracks', 'a mountain in the switzerland']
questions ['Can you guess which kind of glass is shown by the lady in this picture?', 'What is the liquid that fills the hanging bag?', 'How does this train run?', 'What mountain are these hikers climbing up?'] predictions ['wine glass', 'blood', 'it is on tracks', 'a mountain in the switzerland'] gold_answers ['wine', 'saline', 'electricity', 'everest']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 992/1262 [05:29<01:40,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 992/1262 [05:29<01:40,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 994/2846529 [05:30<262:27:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 994/2846529 [05:30<262:27:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is hot', 'a collar', 'a zoo', 'hat']
questions ['What is the outside temperature?', 'What is the brown thing around his neck?', 'Can you guess the place where this animal is seen?', 'What is the object on the dogs head called?'] predictions ['it is hot', 'a collar', 'a zoo', 'hat'] gold_answers ['hot', 'collar', 'zoo', 'hat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 993/1262 [05:29<01:37,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 993/1262 [05:29<01:37,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 995/2846529 [05:30<262:27:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 995/2846529 [05:30<262:27:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the stomach', 'goalkeeper', 'a plane', 'grasses']
questions ['What part of the body is the food in the bowl good for?', 'In this sport the person meant to protect the goal area is called a what?', 'The photo appears to have been taken from a window of what?', 'What do these animals diet consist of?'] predictions ['the stomach', 'goalkeeper', 'a plane', 'grasses'] gold_answers ['stomach', 'goalie', 'airplane', 'plant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 994/1262 [05:30<01:27,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 994/1262 [05:30<01:27,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 996/2846529 [05:30<262:23:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 996/2846529 [05:30<262:23:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a c-47', 'san francisco', 'a forged blade', 'halloween']
questions ['What make and model is this plane?', 'What city is famous for this type of sandwich?', 'Which material is used for making the knife shown in this picture?', 'What american holiday is this animal associated with?'] predictions ['a c-47', 'san francisco', 'a forged blade', 'halloween'] gold_answers ['biplane', 'philadelphia', 'metal', 'halloween']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 995/1262 [05:30<01:27,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 995/1262 [05:30<01:27,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 997/2846529 [05:30<262:23:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 997/2846529 [05:30<262:23:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no', 'a cow', 'chinese', 'about a hundred years']
questions ['Where can i buy a tv like that on the internet?', 'What animal is being milked?', 'What nationality is the woman sitting on the stairs?', 'How long do trees like this live?'] predictions ['no', 'a cow', 'chinese', 'about a hundred years'] gold_answers ['amazon', 'cow', 'indian', '100 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 996/1262 [05:30<01:25,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 996/1262 [05:30<01:25,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 998/2846529 [05:31<262:21:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 998/2846529 [05:31<262:21:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a living room', 'chocolate', 'artisan baking', 'a motorcycle race']
questions ['What type of room is this?', 'What is one ingredient that would go into this?', 'What is the name of the cooking style used to produce the items on the table in this photo?', 'Which racing event is this?'] predictions ['a living room', 'chocolate', 'artisan baking', 'a motorcycle race'] gold_answers ['live room', 'chocolate', 'bake', 'motocross']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 997/1262 [05:30<01:21,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 997/1262 [05:30<01:21,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 999/2846529 [05:31<262:19:11,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 999/2846529 [05:31<262:19:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the plate with carrots', 'the elephant with the tusks', 'vitamin c', '1853']
questions ['Which plate contains healthier food options?', 'Which animal pictured here is clearly male?', 'What vitamins do you get from this fruit?', "What year did this invention first start appearing in the average person's home?"] predictions ['the plate with carrots', 'the elephant with the tusks', 'vitamin c', '1853'] gold_answers ['left', 'elephant', 'c', '1950']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 998/1262 [05:31<01:29,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 998/1262 [05:31<01:29,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1000/2846529 [05:31<262:23:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1000/2846529 [05:31<262:23:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a motorcycle', 'umbrella', 'harley davidson', 'kneeling']
questions ['What kind of bike is this?', 'What is the name of the device that is protecting people from the rain in this picture?', 'What company makes this bike?', 'What motion is this person making?'] predictions ['a motorcycle', 'umbrella', 'harley davidson', 'kneeling'] gold_answers ['motorcycle', 'umbrella', 'harley', 'squat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 999/1262 [05:31<01:28,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 999/1262 [05:31<01:28,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1001/2846529 [05:32<262:22:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1001/2846529 [05:32<262:22:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['united', 'to see the city', 'on a street corner', "a st john's wort stained glass"]
questions ['Which brand of aeroplane is shown in this picture?', 'Why would you ride on one of these vehicles?', 'Where would this sign normally be located?', 'What is the name of the art in the backround?'] predictions ['united', 'to see the city', 'on a street corner', "a st john's wort stained glass"] gold_answers ['boeing', 'tour', 'street', 'wave']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1000/1262 [05:32<01:42,  2.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1000/1262 [05:32<01:42,  2.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1002/2846529 [05:32<262:31:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1002/2846529 [05:32<262:31:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not enough information', 'urinal', 'plating', 'omnivores']
questions ['How old are the boys?', 'Often referred to as the loo in british culture?', 'Are they mowing or plating?', 'Are zebras considered omnivores herbivores or carnivores?'] predictions ['not enough information', 'urinal', 'plating', 'omnivores'] gold_answers ['5', 'toilet', 'plate', 'herbivore']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1001/1262 [05:32<01:35,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1001/1262 [05:32<01:35,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1003/2846529 [05:33<262:30:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1003/2846529 [05:33<262:30:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lion', 'a tv', 'It is baked on a wooden board', 'hay']
questions ['What animal toy is on the left?', 'What brand of television sits in this room?', 'How is this cooked?', 'What food does this animal eat?'] predictions ['a lion', 'a tv', 'It is baked on a wooden board', 'hay'] gold_answers ['monkey', 'sony', 'baked', 'grass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1002/1262 [05:32<01:36,  2.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1002/1262 [05:32<01:36,  2.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1004/2846529 [05:33<262:33:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1004/2846529 [05:33<262:33:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['hot dogs, buns, mustard, relish, mustard', 'about a minute', 'about a year', 'a wedding cake']
questions ['Name the ingredients used to make this dish?', 'How long do people usually spend doing this activity?', 'How long do these animals live?', 'What kind of cake is the woman cutting into?'] predictions ['hot dogs, buns, mustard, relish, mustard', 'about a minute', 'about a year', 'a wedding cake'] gold_answers ['meat', 'hour', '15 years', 'wed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1003/1262 [05:33<01:44,  2.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1003/1262 [05:33<01:44,  2.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1005/2846529 [05:33<262:39:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1005/2846529 [05:33<262:39:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['taylor swift', 'she has just got married', 'surfboard', 'the navy song']
questions ['Who is the designer of the orange backpack?', 'What has the woman in this photo just done?', 'What sporting equipment is he using?', 'What is the theme song of the military branch to which these men belong?'] predictions ['taylor swift', 'she has just got married', 'surfboard', 'the navy song'] gold_answers ['jansport', 'married', 'surfboard', 'anchor aweigh']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1004/1262 [05:33<01:38,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1004/1262 [05:33<01:38,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1006/2846529 [05:34<262:39:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1006/2846529 [05:34<262:39:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['city', 'by a motor', 'a tennis court', 'a country in the middle east']
questions ['Is this photo in a city or village?', 'How is the boat in the picture propelled?', 'Can you guess the place where this sport is played?', 'What country is shown here?'] predictions ['city', 'by a motor', 'a tennis court', 'a country in the middle east'] gold_answers ['city', 'paddle', 'tennis court', 'germany']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1005/1262 [05:34<01:36,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1005/1262 [05:34<01:36,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1007/2846529 [05:34<262:40:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1007/2846529 [05:34<262:40:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pineapple, mango, papaya, and kiwi', 'skiing', 'a wedding ceremony', 'venezuela']
questions ['What other types of fruit might be used in this desert?', 'Name the game played by this man in this picture?', 'What ceremony are these people participating in?', 'What country is this tour bus in?'] predictions ['pineapple, mango, papaya, and kiwi', 'skiing', 'a wedding ceremony', 'venezuela'] gold_answers ['cherry', 'ski', 'wed', 'mexico']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1006/1262 [05:34<01:46,  2.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1006/1262 [05:34<01:46,  2.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1008/2846529 [05:35<262:49:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1008/2846529 [05:35<262:49:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['quiet', 'side view mirror', 'glass', 'it was cut in half']
questions ['How quiet or noisy would one expect this location to be?', 'What is this mirror called on a car?', 'Can you guess the material out of which the washbasin is made?', 'What already happened to this food item?'] predictions ['quiet', 'side view mirror', 'glass', 'it was cut in half'] gold_answers ['quiet', 'side mirror', 'marble', 'bitten']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1007/1262 [05:34<01:37,  2.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1007/1262 [05:34<01:37,  2.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1009/2846529 [05:35<262:48:01,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1009/2846529 [05:35<262:48:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lemons', 'schnauzer', 'no brand', 'snack']
questions ['What kinds of food grows on these?', 'What type of dog is this?', 'Which brands of mobile phones are used in this picture?', 'Is this a meal or snack?'] predictions ['lemons', 'schnauzer', 'no brand', 'snack'] gold_answers ['orange', 'terrier', 'nokia', 'meal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1008/1262 [05:35<01:30,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1008/1262 [05:35<01:30,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1010/2846529 [05:35<262:46:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1010/2846529 [05:35<262:46:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['The bus is near the sidewalk', 'beef', 'a boat', 'a country in the middle east']
questions ['Why do we think there is a school nearby?', 'What type of food are these animals known for?', 'Which vehicle is pulling the person for this activity?', 'What country would you guess these people are in?'] predictions ['The bus is near the sidewalk', 'beef', 'a boat', 'a country in the middle east'] gold_answers ['backpack', 'beef', 'boat', 'united state']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1009/1262 [05:35<01:30,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1009/1262 [05:35<01:30,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1011/2846529 [05:36<262:47:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1011/2846529 [05:36<262:47:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['watching tv', 'it controls a television', 'they could be hit by a car', 'nine']
questions ['What activity could be done in this room?', 'What does this device do?', 'What dangers do these men face not wearing helmets while riding motorcycles?', 'How old the person celebrating a birthday?'] predictions ['watching tv', 'it controls a television', 'they could be hit by a car', 'nine'] gold_answers ['watch tv', 'change channel', 'injury', '92']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1010/1262 [05:35<01:31,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1010/1262 [05:35<01:31,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1012/2846529 [05:36<262:49:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1012/2846529 [05:36<262:49:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a ski resort', 'oranges', 'chef', 'to pull luggage']
questions ['Name the place where this person is shown in this picture?', 'What kind of fruit is that?', 'What occupation is the mans?', 'What is this used for?'] predictions ['a ski resort', 'oranges', 'chef', 'to pull luggage'] gold_answers ['ski resort', 'orange', 'butcher', 'travel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1011/1262 [05:36<01:24,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1011/1262 [05:36<01:24,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1013/2846529 [05:36<262:46:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1013/2846529 [05:36<262:46:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wet', 'about a ton', 'it is a train', 'blue and white']
questions ['Would you be wet or dry after using this room?', 'How heavy can these animals get?', 'How fast can this type of train go?', 'What pattern is the bedcover?'] predictions ['wet', 'about a ton', 'it is a train', 'blue and white'] gold_answers ['wet', '2 tons', '150mph', 'geometric']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1012/1262 [05:36<01:21,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1012/1262 [05:36<01:21,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1014/2846529 [05:37<262:45:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1014/2846529 [05:37<262:45:20,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white', 'eat dinner', 'john f kennedy', 'metal']
questions ['What ethnicity are the people?', 'What might you do in this room?', 'Which president is this bear named for?', 'What are the chairs made of?'] predictions ['white', 'eat dinner', 'john f kennedy', 'metal'] gold_answers ['white', 'eat', 'teddy roosevelt', 'metal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1013/1262 [05:36<01:27,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1013/1262 [05:36<01:27,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1015/2846529 [05:37<262:48:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1015/2846529 [05:37<262:48:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the kandy river', 'a tall building', 'playing', 'zombies']
questions ['What river are the elephants standing in?', 'What type of building is this?', 'Is the man working or playing with the disc?', 'What are these people dressed like they are?'] predictions ['the kandy river', 'a tall building', 'playing', 'zombies'] gold_answers ['nile', 'apartment', 'play', 'zombies']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1014/1262 [05:37<01:25,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1014/1262 [05:37<01:25,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1016/2846529 [05:37<262:48:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1016/2846529 [05:37<262:48:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to tell time', 'tulips', 'pedestrians', 'in a grocery store']
questions ['What is the purpose of the mechanical device in this picture?', 'What kind of flowers are these?', 'To which group of road users is this traffic sign intended?', 'Where can you buy the item being delivered?'] predictions ['to tell time', 'tulips', 'pedestrians', 'in a grocery store'] gold_answers ['tell time', 'tulip', 'driver', 'grocery store']

Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1015/1262 [05:37<01:21,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1015/1262 [05:37<01:21,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1017/2846529 [05:38<262:47:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1017/2846529 [05:38<262:47:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['eating a tree', 'bananas, raisins, and cranberries', 'chocolate cake', 'four']
questions ['What is this animal doing?', 'What are the ingredients of the muffins?', 'What is this dessert called?', 'What is the maximum number of people that can participate in this game?'] predictions ['eating a tree', 'bananas, raisins, and cranberries', 'chocolate cake', 'four'] gold_answers ['eat', 'flour', 'cake', '2']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1016/1262 [05:37<01:29,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1016/1262 [05:37<01:29,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1018/2846529 [05:38<262:52:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1018/2846529 [05:38<262:52:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['oak', 'desert', 'a plastic umbrella', 'they are unable to find food in the arctic']
questions ['Which type of wood is used for the kitchen cupboard shown in this picture?', 'Is this the desert or beach?', 'Name the material used to make this umbrella shown in this picture?', 'Why are more of these arctic mammals swimming for longer distances to find food?'] predictions ['oak', 'desert', 'a plastic umbrella', 'they are unable to find food in the arctic'] gold_answers ['oak', 'desert', 'nylon', 'global warm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1017/1262 [05:38<01:38,  2.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1017/1262 [05:38<01:38,  2.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1019/2846529 [05:39<262:59:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1019/2846529 [05:39<262:59:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a child', 'autumn', 'it is a statue', 'modern']
questions ['Who might sleep in this room?', 'What season are these gourds typically harvested in?', "Why the sheep does't need food?", 'What style of architecture is this building?'] predictions ['a child', 'autumn', 'it is a statue', 'modern'] gold_answers ['children', 'fall', 'fake', 'modern']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1018/1262 [05:38<01:30,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1018/1262 [05:38<01:30,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1020/2846529 [05:39<262:57:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1020/2846529 [05:39<262:57:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are trying to get to their hotel', 'square', 'a hat', 'house']
questions ['Why are they in the middle of the street?', 'What is the shape of the hole the horse is staring out of?', 'Name the material used to make this cap shown in this picture?', 'Is this bathroom at a house or hotel?'] predictions ['they are trying to get to their hotel', 'square', 'a hat', 'house'] gold_answers ['walk', 'square', 'canvas', 'hotel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1019/1262 [05:39<01:30,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1019/1262 [05:39<01:30,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1021/2846529 [05:39<263:00:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1021/2846529 [05:39<263:00:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a train', 'switzerland', 'fly', 'ohio']
questions ['What are these vehicles floating on?', 'What country is famous for having these?', 'What is the plane going to do?', 'What county is this?'] predictions ['a train', 'switzerland', 'fly', 'ohio'] gold_answers ['air', 'england', 'land', 'china']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1020/1262 [05:39<01:24,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1020/1262 [05:39<01:24,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1022/2846529 [05:40<262:58:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1022/2846529 [05:40<262:58:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is night', 'vanilla', 'a dish', 'using a laptop']
questions ['What time of the day is it?', 'What taste does the white topping usually have?', 'What category of food is this?', 'What is this man doing?'] predictions ['it is night', 'vanilla', 'a dish', 'using a laptop'] gold_answers ['morn', 'vanilla', 'vegetable', 'work']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1021/1262 [05:39<01:18,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1021/1262 [05:39<01:18,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1023/2846529 [05:40<262:55:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1023/2846529 [05:40<262:55:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mcdonalds', 'cat bed', 'woodpeckers', 'keep the sheep in line']
questions ['What restraurant is in the back?', 'What is this used for?', 'What kind of birds are those?', 'What is the other duties of this occupation?'] predictions ['mcdonalds', 'cat bed', 'woodpeckers', 'keep the sheep in line'] gold_answers ["mcdonald's", 'cat', 'woodpecker', 'shear']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1022/1262 [05:40<01:20,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1022/1262 [05:40<01:20,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1024/2846529 [05:40<262:56:38,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1024/2846529 [05:40<262:56:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['foals', 'a city in the middle of the water', 'snow', 'bathroom']
questions ['What are the offspring of that animal called?', 'What city is this in?', "This eyewear doesn't help readers but it does cut down on what?", 'What room of the house would this vanity be located in?'] predictions ['foals', 'a city in the middle of the water', 'snow', 'bathroom'] gold_answers ['foal', 'venice', 'glare', 'bathroom']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1023/1262 [05:40<01:25,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1023/1262 [05:40<01:25,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1025/2846529 [05:41<263:00:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1025/2846529 [05:41<263:00:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['eddie izzard', 'they are connected to a monitor', 'fake', 'mcdonalds']
questions ['Who is the namesake of this stuffed toys?', 'How are these two laptops connected?', 'Real or fake giraffe?', 'What fast food chain might sell entrees produced by this type of livestock?'] predictions ['eddie izzard', 'they are connected to a monitor', 'fake', 'mcdonalds'] gold_answers ['theodore roosevelt', 'wire', 'fake', 'mcdonalds']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1024/1262 [05:40<01:26,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1024/1262 [05:40<01:26,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1026/2846529 [05:41<263:02:10,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1026/2846529 [05:41<263:02:11,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['monks', 'red', 'a microwave oven', 'stephen merchant']
questions ['What is the profession of the men in this photo?', 'What type of wine could that be?', 'What would you find in this room?', 'Does this man look more like tom cruise or stephen merchant?'] predictions ['monks', 'red', 'a microwave oven', 'stephen merchant'] gold_answers ['monk', 'red', 'food', 'stephen merchant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1025/1262 [05:41<01:19,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1025/1262 [05:41<01:19,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1027/2846529 [05:41<262:59:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1027/2846529 [05:41<262:59:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['she eats grass', 'a sheep', 'surfing', 'you will be greeted with a smile']
questions ['How does this animal nourish her young?', 'What is the name of a female one of these animals?', 'What sport is this?', 'What happens when you cross paths with this color of cat?'] predictions ['she eats grass', 'a sheep', 'surfing', 'you will be greeted with a smile'] gold_answers ['milk', 'ewe', 'surf', 'bad luck']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1026/1262 [05:41<01:26,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1026/1262 [05:41<01:26,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1028/2846529 [05:42<263:03:55,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1028/2846529 [05:42<263:03:56,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['spring', 'umbrella', 'people', 'thanksgiving']
questions ['What season is it?', 'Which item shown here would beach goers have to refrain from using for the sun to produce extra melanin in their skin resulting in browning?', 'Would this typically transport people or grains?', 'What type of dinner would you consider this to be?'] predictions ['spring', 'umbrella', 'people', 'thanksgiving'] gold_answers ['summer', 'umbrella', 'people', 'thanksgiving']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1027/1262 [05:41<01:15,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1027/1262 [05:41<01:15,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1029/2846529 [05:42<262:58:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1029/2846529 [05:42<262:58:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the mountains', 'cold climate', 'association of surf professional', 'male']
questions ['Where might an activity like these take place?', 'What climate is best for this type of plant?', 'The association for the sport shown in this photo goes by the acronym asp what does asp stand for?', 'Is the cat male or female?'] predictions ['in the mountains', 'cold climate', 'association of surf professional', 'male'] gold_answers ['mountain', 'hot', 'association of surf profession', 'male']

Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1028/1262 [05:41<01:11,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1028/1262 [05:41<01:11,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1030/2846529 [05:42<262:55:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1030/2846529 [05:42<262:55:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['eating hay', 'it was abandoned', 'paddling', 'a carriage']
questions ['What are these horses doing?', 'Why is the truck rusted?', 'What activity is the man in the canoe about to do?', 'What is this horse pulling behind it?'] predictions ['eating hay', 'it was abandoned', 'paddling', 'a carriage'] gold_answers ['eat', 'old', 'row', 'carriage']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1029/1262 [05:42<01:06,  3.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1029/1262 [05:42<01:06,  3.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1031/2846529 [05:42<262:51:42,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1031/2846529 [05:42<262:51:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["the early 1900's", 'paisley', 'boston terrier', 'it is a good insulator']
questions ['What era is this furniture from?', 'What is the print called on this mans sweater?', 'What type of dog is this?', 'Why is leather a popular option for those that ride on this type of vehicle?'] predictions ["the early 1900's", 'paisley', 'boston terrier', 'it is a good insulator'] gold_answers ['victorian', 'argyle', 'boston terrier', 'protection']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1030/1262 [05:42<01:13,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1030/1262 [05:42<01:13,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1032/2846529 [05:43<262:54:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1032/2846529 [05:43<262:54:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white', 'apple', 'a red cloth', 'it is afternoon']
questions ['What is the complimentary color to the bike?', 'What company manufactured this computer?', 'What is covering the wooden table under the dishes?', 'What time of day is it?'] predictions ['white', 'apple', 'a red cloth', 'it is afternoon'] gold_answers ['red', 'apple', 'tablecloth', 'noon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1031/1262 [05:42<01:10,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1031/1262 [05:42<01:10,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1033/2846529 [05:43<262:51:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1033/2846529 [05:43<262:51:19,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fox', 'making crafts', 'mcdonalds', 'stuffed animal']
questions ['What network did the show in the picture first air on?', 'What are the tool in the image used for?', 'What is a famous chain that might serve this food?', "What isn't edible?"] predictions ['fox', 'making crafts', 'mcdonalds', 'stuffed animal'] gold_answers ['hbo', 'sew', 'pizza hut', 'stuffed animal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1032/1262 [05:43<01:13,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1032/1262 [05:43<01:13,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1034/2846529 [05:43<262:52:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1034/2846529 [05:43<262:52:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a white bird', 'grape', 'cooking', 'ancient']
questions ['What kind of bird is this?', 'On what type of plant does the pictured fruit grow?', 'What activity can be done using the appliance on the wall?', 'What kind of pottery?'] predictions ['a white bird', 'grape', 'cooking', 'ancient'] gold_answers ['pelican', 'vine', 'bake', 'clay']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1033/1262 [05:43<01:09,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1033/1262 [05:43<01:09,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1035/2846529 [05:44<262:49:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1035/2846529 [05:44<262:49:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bar', 'a stove', 'a sheep', 'to create shadows']
questions ['What sort of establishment serves drinks that may contain very small versions of these?', 'What is the white appliance called?', 'What species of sheep is this person taking a photo with?', 'What is the bright light in the umbrella for?'] predictions ['bar', 'a stove', 'a sheep', 'to create shadows'] gold_answers ['bar', 'oven', 'white', 'photography']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1034/1262 [05:43<01:07,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1034/1262 [05:43<01:07,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1036/2846529 [05:44<262:46:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1036/2846529 [05:44<262:46:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a ball', 'vitamin c', 'snack', 'orange juice']
questions ['What is the player in pads catching?', 'What vitamins do these provide?', 'Is this a meal or snack?', 'What kind of juice?'] predictions ['a ball', 'vitamin c', 'snack', 'orange juice'] gold_answers ['baseball', 'vitamin c', 'meal', 'orange']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1035/1262 [05:44<01:03,  3.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1035/1262 [05:44<01:03,  3.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1037/2846529 [05:44<262:42:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1037/2846529 [05:44<262:42:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a wicker basket', 'snow', 'it is new', 'clock tower']
questions ['Which type of metal is used to make this cycle where the dogs are sitting in this picture?', 'What precipitation is on the ground here?', 'How new is this room?', 'What kind of tower is this?'] predictions ['a wicker basket', 'snow', 'it is new', 'clock tower'] gold_answers ['steel', 'snow', 'new', 'clock']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1036/1262 [05:44<01:06,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1036/1262 [05:44<01:06,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1038/2846529 [05:44<262:42:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1038/2846529 [05:44<262:42:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the arctic', 'baseball bat', "the early 1900's", 'a catcher']
questions ['What region would you find this type of bear?', 'What kind of toy did the girl hit this?', 'What era is this item made in?', 'Who officiates this sport?'] predictions ['in the arctic', 'baseball bat', "the early 1900's", 'a catcher'] gold_answers ['russia', 'ball', '1800s', 'umpire']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1037/1262 [05:44<01:06,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1037/1262 [05:44<01:06,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1039/2846529 [05:45<262:40:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1039/2846529 [05:45<262:40:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sugar', 'it is a queen size bed', 'You would saute the broccoli in olive oil and garlic', 'smoke']
questions ['The fruit above the mans head is rich in one element?', 'What size is this bed?', 'How would you cook this side dish?', 'What chocking mist come from these appliances?'] predictions ['sugar', 'it is a queen size bed', 'You would saute the broccoli in olive oil and garlic', 'smoke'] gold_answers ['potassium', 'king', 'steam', 'smoke']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1038/1262 [05:45<01:19,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1038/1262 [05:45<01:19,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1040/2846529 [05:45<262:48:00,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1040/2846529 [05:45<262:48:00,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a church', 'glass', 'train', 'beef']
questions ['What is this building use for?', 'The lamp is made from what material?', 'What is the title of the boss of this object?', 'What meat do we get from these animals?'] predictions ['it is a church', 'glass', 'train', 'beef'] gold_answers ['worship', 'paper', 'conductor', 'beef']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1039/1262 [05:45<01:15,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1039/1262 [05:45<01:15,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1041/2846529 [05:46<262:46:26,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1041/2846529 [05:46<262:46:26,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wool', 'You would use fondant to make the decorations', 'to tell time', 'four']
questions ['Name the type dress material which is used to make this coat suits?', 'How would you make the colourful decorations in this image?', 'What is the purpose of this device?', 'How many cylinders does the silver motocycle have?'] predictions ['wool', 'You would use fondant to make the decorations', 'to tell time', 'four'] gold_answers ['polyester', 'ice', 'tell time', '2']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1040/1262 [05:45<01:19,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1040/1262 [05:45<01:19,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1042/2846529 [05:46<262:50:01,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1042/2846529 [05:46<262:50:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['for fun', '5%', 'one', 'skateboarding']
questions ['Is this for a competition or for fun?', 'What percentage of us households own this type of animal?', 'How many airplanes can take off from an airport at one time?', 'What sport is he participating in?'] predictions ['for fun', '5%', 'one', 'skateboarding'] gold_answers ['fun', '60%', '1', 'skateboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1041/1262 [05:46<01:10,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1041/1262 [05:46<01:10,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1043/2846529 [05:46<262:44:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1043/2846529 [05:46<262:44:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop', 'singles', 'glazed', 'umbrella']
questions ['What does a car do at this color traffic light?', 'Is this a doubles or a singles match?', 'What type of donuts are these?', 'Which object in the picture would protect you from a rainstorm?'] predictions ['stop', 'singles', 'glazed', 'umbrella'] gold_answers ['stop', 'single', 'glazed', 'umbrella']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1042/1262 [05:46<01:02,  3.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1042/1262 [05:46<01:02,  3.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1044/2846529 [05:46<262:39:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1044/2846529 [05:46<262:39:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john mcpherson', 'teddy bears', 'one', 'iron']
questions ['Who is the top player of this sport in the world?', 'What activites make the place croweded?', 'How many of the animals are male?', 'What material is the fence made of in the photo?'] predictions ['john mcpherson', 'teddy bears', 'one', 'iron'] gold_answers ['lance armstrong', 'festival', '1', 'metal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1043/1262 [05:46<01:08,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1043/1262 [05:46<01:08,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1045/2846529 [05:47<262:41:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1045/2846529 [05:47<262:41:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mustard', 'riding a wave', 'young people', 'sunset']
questions ['What red condiment is normally put on this food?', 'What is this person doing?', 'What age group plays this sport the most?', 'What time of day is it?'] predictions ['mustard', 'riding a wave', 'young people', 'sunset'] gold_answers ['ketchup', 'surf', '18 40', 'sunset']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1044/1262 [05:46<01:05,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1044/1262 [05:46<01:05,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1046/2846529 [05:47<262:38:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1046/2846529 [05:47<262:38:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to help the surfer surf', 'a tree', 'the united states', 'in an airport']
questions ['What is the purpose of the fin on the pink surfboard?', 'What kind of tree is this?', 'In what country is this building located?', 'Where would you find this type of conveyor belt?'] predictions ['to help the surfer surf', 'a tree', 'the united states', 'in an airport'] gold_answers ['balance', 'fruit', 'england', 'airport']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1045/1262 [05:47<01:07,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1045/1262 [05:47<01:07,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1047/2846529 [05:47<262:38:42,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1047/2846529 [05:47<262:38:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the dog is looking at it', 'the fire department', 'nets', 'a car']
questions ['Why does the cat look scared?', 'Who uses this white item?', 'The people in the photo are holding very large what?', 'What type of vehicle is this?'] predictions ['the dog is looking at it', 'the fire department', 'nets', 'a car'] gold_answers ['dog', 'firemen', 'net', 'car']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1046/1262 [05:47<01:08,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1046/1262 [05:47<01:08,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1048/2846529 [05:48<262:38:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1048/2846529 [05:48<262:38:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['beef', 'new york', 'every day', 'a bridge']
questions ['What meat do we get from these mammals?', 'What state has a capital city with the same name as this avenue?', 'How often should someone use this?', 'What is the train crossing under?'] predictions ['beef', 'new york', 'every day', 'a bridge'] gold_answers ['beef', 'wisconsin', 'daily', 'bridge']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1047/1262 [05:47<01:03,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1047/1262 [05:47<01:03,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1049/2846529 [05:48<262:34:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1049/2846529 [05:48<262:34:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tags', 'green', 'a hat with a brim', '"the shoe that makes you a better player"']
questions ["What is in the cow's ears?", 'Their vests are made of what material?', 'What kind of hat is this?', 'What is the slogan of this shoe brand?'] predictions ['tags', 'green', 'a hat with a brim', '"the shoe that makes you a better player"'] gold_answers ['tag', 'polyester', 'bowler', 'just do it']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1048/1262 [05:48<01:13,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1048/1262 [05:48<01:13,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1050/2846529 [05:48<262:40:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1050/2846529 [05:48<262:40:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['long hair', 'roses', 'a laptop computer', 'sunny']
questions ['What hairstyle is this?', 'What type of flower is this?', 'What type of laptop is this?', 'What is the weather like?'] predictions ['long hair', 'roses', 'a laptop computer', 'sunny'] gold_answers ['long', 'rose', 'dell', 'sunny']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1049/1262 [05:48<01:08,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1049/1262 [05:48<01:08,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1051/2846529 [05:49<262:37:33,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1051/2846529 [05:49<262:37:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a 747', 'it eats dog food', 'one', 'lumber']
questions ['What type of boeing passenger jet is pictured here?', 'What food does this animal eat?', 'How many people are eating these pancakes?', 'What industry does this involve?'] predictions ['a 747', 'it eats dog food', 'one', 'lumber'] gold_answers ['747', 'dog food', '1', 'log']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1050/1262 [05:48<01:08,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1050/1262 [05:48<01:08,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1052/2846529 [05:49<262:37:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1052/2846529 [05:49<262:37:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the united states', 'bathroom', 'ocean', 'hair']
questions ['Where is this style of home popular in?', 'In what room would you find this?', 'What large body of water is this called?', 'What part of the body is this item used on?'] predictions ['the united states', 'bathroom', 'ocean', 'hair'] gold_answers ['usa', 'bathroom', 'ocean', 'head']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1051/1262 [05:49<01:03,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1051/1262 [05:49<01:03,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1053/2846529 [05:49<262:33:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1053/2846529 [05:49<262:33:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['strong', 'a motorcycle', 'the person on the bicycle', 'an umbrella']
questions ['How strong was the wind?', 'What kind of bike in this showroom?', 'Which road user has right of way?', 'The man is opening what?'] predictions ['strong', 'a motorcycle', 'the person on the bicycle', 'an umbrella'] gold_answers ['very', 'motorbike', 'bike', 'umbrella']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1052/1262 [05:49<01:03,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1052/1262 [05:49<01:03,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1054/2846529 [05:50<262:32:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1054/2846529 [05:50<262:32:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['metal', 'plastic', 'a chair with a back', 'donuts']
questions ['What is this bench made out of?', 'What is the toilet made of?', 'What kind of chair is used for this area?', 'Which food items are unhealthy in this picture?'] predictions ['metal', 'plastic', 'a chair with a back', 'donuts'] gold_answers ['iron', 'porcelain', 'office', 'donuts']

Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1053/1262 [05:49<01:06,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1053/1262 [05:49<01:06,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1055/2846529 [05:50<262:33:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1055/2846529 [05:50<262:33:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a bakery', 'using a fish eye lens', 'football', 'to the city']
questions ['Where might we find these?', 'How was this photograpic effect created?', 'What is this sport called that uses an this type of ball?', 'Where is this bus headed to?'] predictions ['in a bakery', 'using a fish eye lens', 'football', 'to the city'] gold_answers ['bakery', 'fisheye lens', 'football', 'acton']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1054/1262 [05:50<01:06,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1054/1262 [05:50<01:06,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1056/2846529 [05:50<262:32:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1056/2846529 [05:50<262:32:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['good form', 'grand slam', 'the people are not wearing hats', 'at a hospital']
questions ['Is this good form or bad form for a conventional tennis backhand?', 'What are the tournaments for this sport called?', "How can you tell this isn't really an old photo?", 'Is this person at the office at home or at a hospital?'] predictions ['good form', 'grand slam', 'the people are not wearing hats', 'at a hospital'] gold_answers ['bad', 'match', 'train', 'hospital']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1055/1262 [05:50<01:09,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1055/1262 [05:50<01:09,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1057/2846529 [05:51<262:34:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1057/2846529 [05:51<262:34:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a shirt', 'laptop', 'basketball', 'a bridge']
questions ['What should these people be wearing?', 'Is the device there a laptop or a desktop computer?', 'What sport is this?', 'What is the name of the type of lighting seen here?'] predictions ['a shirt', 'laptop', 'basketball', 'a bridge'] gold_answers ['helmet', 'laptop', 'basketball', 'led']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1056/1262 [05:50<01:03,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1056/1262 [05:50<01:03,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1058/2846529 [05:51<262:30:53,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1058/2846529 [05:51<262:30:53,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carbon', 'a pizza', 'winter', 'fire']
questions ['What is the bike made of?', 'What is this?', 'What season of the year can this kind of even take place?', 'Is that a fire or a river?'] predictions ['carbon', 'a pizza', 'winter', 'fire'] gold_answers ['aluminum', 'broccoli', 'winter', 'fire']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1057/1262 [05:50<00:59,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1057/1262 [05:50<00:59,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1059/2846529 [05:51<262:26:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1059/2846529 [05:51<262:26:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a train', 'paper', 'square', 'the british open']
questions ['What is running in the background?', 'What synthetic material are the stacked disposable food containly usually made fom?', 'What shape is the sign?', "What is the name of this sport's famous english competition?"] predictions ['a train', 'paper', 'square', 'the british open'] gold_answers ['train', 'styrofoam', 'octagon', 'wimbledon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1058/1262 [05:51<01:00,  3.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1058/1262 [05:51<01:00,  3.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1060/2846529 [05:51<262:26:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1060/2846529 [05:51<262:26:26,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sunny', 'a tabby', 'it moves people', 'turkey']
questions ['Is it sunny or cloudy out in this picture?', 'What kind of cat is this?', 'What does this device do?', 'Based on the language and licence plates what country is this photo taken in?'] predictions ['sunny', 'a tabby', 'it moves people', 'turkey'] gold_answers ['sunny', 'tabby', 'transport', 'germany']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1059/1262 [05:51<00:58,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1059/1262 [05:51<00:58,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1061/2846529 [05:52<262:23:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1061/2846529 [05:52<262:23:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a knife', 'cherry trees', 'a horse drawn carriage', 'in the asian region']
questions ['What common kitchen tool could be used to strip the skin off of these vegetables?', 'What type of trees are in this picture?', 'What kind of horse is that?', 'Where do these fruits grow?'] predictions ['a knife', 'cherry trees', 'a horse drawn carriage', 'in the asian region'] gold_answers ['peeler', 'cherry blossom', 'draft', 'tree']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1060/1262 [05:51<01:00,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1060/1262 [05:51<01:00,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1062/2846529 [05:52<262:23:16,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1062/2846529 [05:52<262:23:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a birthday party', 'bananas', 'professional', 'fake']
questions ['What kind of party is this?', 'What is the green fruit in this photo?', 'Is this man a professional skiier or doing so just for fun?', 'Is that real grass in the picture or fake?'] predictions ['a birthday party', 'bananas', 'professional', 'fake'] gold_answers ['birthday', 'banana', 'fun', 'real']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1061/1262 [05:52<00:58,  3.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1061/1262 [05:52<00:58,  3.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1063/2846529 [05:52<262:20:38,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1063/2846529 [05:52<262:20:38,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tan couch and love seat', 'on the window sill', 'rowing', 'brussels sprouts']
questions ['What style of design are the couch and love seat in this room patterned after?', 'Where would you expect this animal to defecate?', 'Which sport is similar to this one but done alone?', 'Which vegetable is grown underground?'] predictions ['a tan couch and love seat', 'on the window sill', 'rowing', 'brussels sprouts'] gold_answers ['vintage', 'litter box', 'kayak', 'carrot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1062/1262 [05:52<01:05,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1062/1262 [05:52<01:05,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1064/2846529 [05:53<262:23:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1064/2846529 [05:53<262:23:55,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['plastic', 'a city in vietnam', 'not enough information', '450']
questions ['What material are the umbrellas in this photo made of?', 'What city is this?', 'What is the name of the player in this picture?', 'How many calories in this meal?'] predictions ['plastic', 'a city in vietnam', 'not enough information', '450'] gold_answers ['nylon', 'tokyo', 'roger federer', '1000']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1063/1262 [05:52<01:06,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1063/1262 [05:52<01:06,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1065/2846529 [05:53<262:24:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1065/2846529 [05:53<262:24:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['condiments', "it's raining", 'meat', 'it holds a little water']
questions ['What are these side food items called?', "What's the weather like in this picture?", 'What are these animals typically farmed for?', 'How much water does the bowl of this toilet hold?'] predictions ['condiments', "it's raining", 'meat', 'it holds a little water'] gold_answers ['condiment', 'rainy', 'wool', '1 gallon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1064/1262 [05:53<01:05,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1064/1262 [05:53<01:05,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1066/2846529 [05:53<262:24:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1066/2846529 [05:53<262:24:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white', 'white', 'about a foot', 'a cypress']
questions ['What ethnicty is this man?', 'What ethnicty is the man?', 'What is average length of the tongue of this animal?', 'What type of wood is used for making the bench shown in the picture?'] predictions ['white', 'white', 'about a foot', 'a cypress'] gold_answers ['white', 'white', '10 inches', 'teak']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1065/1262 [05:53<01:04,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1065/1262 [05:53<01:04,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1067/2846529 [05:54<262:24:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1067/2846529 [05:54<262:24:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['blue', 'the 1920s', 'the early 1960s', 'art']
questions ["What is the complimentary color to the left person's shirt?", 'What decade could this be?', 'What time period was this taken during?', 'Is this art or vandalism on the bus?'] predictions ['blue', 'the 1920s', 'the early 1960s', 'art'] gold_answers ['blue', '1940', '1950s', 'art']

Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1066/1262 [05:53<01:01,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1066/1262 [05:53<01:01,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1068/2846529 [05:54<262:21:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1068/2846529 [05:54<262:21:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the engine', 'a long distance', 'it is evening', 'a ham and cheese sandwich']
questions ['What is causing the steam to come out?', 'How far can you travel on this?', 'What time of day is it?', 'What kind of sandwich is this?'] predictions ['the engine', 'a long distance', 'it is evening', 'a ham and cheese sandwich'] gold_answers ['coal', 'mile', 'night', 'ham']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1067/1262 [05:54<01:03,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1067/1262 [05:54<01:03,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1069/2846529 [05:54<262:22:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1069/2846529 [05:54<262:22:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['feta cheese', 'black and white', '450', 'cross country skiing']
questions ['What type of cheese is on the pizza?', 'What color scale could these zebras be put in?', 'How many approximate calories is in this meal?', 'In what sport are these athletes competing?'] predictions ['feta cheese', 'black and white', '450', 'cross country skiing'] gold_answers ['ricotta', 'black and white', '3000', 'cross country ski']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1068/1262 [05:54<00:58,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1068/1262 [05:54<00:58,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1070/2846529 [05:55<262:18:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1070/2846529 [05:55<262:18:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a band', 'a tree', 'a tree', 'couch']
questions ['Who is performing?', 'What is this giraffe going to eat?', 'What kind of tree is this?', 'What is the name of the type of furniture the man is sitting on?'] predictions ['a band', 'a tree', 'a tree', 'couch'] gold_answers ['band', 'leaf', 'oak', 'loveseat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1069/1262 [05:54<00:54,  3.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1069/1262 [05:54<00:54,  3.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1071/2846529 [05:55<262:14:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1071/2846529 [05:55<262:14:39,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['third base', 'public', 'it is parked', 'throwing a ball']
questions ['What base is the player on?', 'Is the chair for private or public use?', 'Why motorcycle can no fall?', 'If the blue object were a white ball what sport might these children be doing?'] predictions ['third base', 'public', 'it is parked', 'throwing a ball'] gold_answers ['home plate', 'public', 'kickstand', 'catch']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1070/1262 [05:54<00:53,  3.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1070/1262 [05:54<00:53,  3.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1072/2846529 [05:55<262:11:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1072/2846529 [05:55<262:11:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tennis court', 'lions', 'young adult', 'the end button']
questions ['What type of court is the person in the photo playing on?', 'What are the natural enimies of these animals?', 'What age group is the owner of these?', 'Which green button disconnects a call?'] predictions ['tennis court', 'lions', 'young adult', 'the end button'] gold_answers ['tennis', 'lion', 'adult', 'end']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1071/1262 [05:55<00:51,  3.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1071/1262 [05:55<00:51,  3.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1073/2846529 [05:55<262:08:00,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1073/2846529 [05:55<262:08:01,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a video game', 'bathroom', 'spring', 'arugula']
questions ['What type of event is being held?', 'What room of the house is this located in?', 'What season is this?', 'What type of plant is on the pizza?'] predictions ['a video game', 'bathroom', 'spring', 'arugula'] gold_answers ['game', 'bathroom', 'spring', 'spinach']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1072/1262 [05:55<00:52,  3.60it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1072/1262 [05:55<00:52,  3.60it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1074/2846529 [05:56<262:06:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1074/2846529 [05:56<262:06:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dung', 'in a field', 'brick', 'left']
questions ['What does the diet of this animal consist of?', 'Where is this animal found?', 'What are the walls of this building made of?', 'What is the handedness of the man in the photo?'] predictions ['dung', 'in a field', 'brick', 'left'] gold_answers ['grass', 'forest', 'brick', 'left']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1073/1262 [05:55<00:52,  3.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1073/1262 [05:55<00:52,  3.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1075/2846529 [05:56<262:03:55,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1075/2846529 [05:56<262:03:55,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a zoo', 'it is carrying people', 'apple', 'a tennis racket']
questions ['Where would i find these?', 'What is this train carrying?', 'What brand of computer is this?', 'What is he holding?'] predictions ['in a zoo', 'it is carrying people', 'apple', 'a tennis racket'] gold_answers ['zoo', 'people', 'apple', 'tennis racket']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1074/1262 [05:56<00:56,  3.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1074/1262 [05:56<00:56,  3.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1076/2846529 [05:56<262:04:49,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1076/2846529 [05:56<262:04:50,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catcher', 'it is a large airplane', 'in a field', 'flintstone']
questions ['What is the name of this position?', 'How many passengers does this airplane carry?', 'Where is this happening?', 'What company introduced the toy this man is playing with?'] predictions ['catcher', 'it is a large airplane', 'in a field', 'flintstone'] gold_answers ['batter', '300', 'field', 'frisbee']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1075/1262 [05:56<00:57,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1075/1262 [05:56<00:57,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1077/2846529 [05:57<262:04:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1077/2846529 [05:57<262:04:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a dog', 'breakfast', 'in the ocean', 'one']
questions ['What food does the animal eat?', 'What meal is this a good place to eat?', 'Where are they surfing?', 'How many people does each of these typically carry?'] predictions ['a dog', 'breakfast', 'in the ocean', 'one'] gold_answers ['dog food', 'lunch', 'ocean', '1']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1076/1262 [05:56<00:53,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1076/1262 [05:56<00:53,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1078/2846529 [05:57<262:00:50,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1078/2846529 [05:57<262:00:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['doing a skateboard trick', 'illegal', 'a tree', 'ivory']
questions ['What is this person doing?', 'Is this legal or illegal?', 'What kind of tree is above the building?', 'This animal was inhumanely hunted for what material which can be found in its skin?'] predictions ['doing a skateboard trick', 'illegal', 'a tree', 'ivory'] gold_answers ['skateboard', 'illegal', 'pine', 'ivory']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1077/1262 [05:57<00:55,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1077/1262 [05:57<00:55,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1079/2846529 [05:57<262:00:33,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1079/2846529 [05:57<262:00:34,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['beer', 'phosphorus', 'a bow tie', 'a month']
questions ['What is the beverage in the cup called?', 'What minerals is in this vegatable?', 'If this tie has not been tied what other easier alternative product is most likely used?', 'What is the gestation period for the animal shown here?'] predictions ['beer', 'phosphorus', 'a bow tie', 'a month'] gold_answers ['beer', 'vitamin c', 'bowtie', '13 months']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1078/1262 [05:57<00:53,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1078/1262 [05:57<00:53,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1080/2846529 [05:57<261:57:53,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1080/2846529 [05:57<261:57:53,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['red', 'a cell phone', 'smoke trail', 'jockeys']
questions ['What is the mug made of in the photo?', 'What type of phone is this man using?', 'What is the smoke coming out of these planes called?', 'What are the headresses on these horses called?'] predictions ['red', 'a cell phone', 'smoke trail', 'jockeys'] gold_answers ['ceramic', 'flip phone', 'exhaust', 'blinder']

Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1079/1262 [05:57<00:52,  3.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1079/1262 [05:57<00:52,  3.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1081/2846529 [05:58<261:55:17,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1081/2846529 [05:58<261:55:17,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['four', 'it is a sunny day', 'a few', 'early in the morning']
questions ['How many engines does this plane have?', 'What time of day is it?', 'How many people are the field during a game with this sport?', 'What time of day would this meal be eaten?'] predictions ['four', 'it is a sunny day', 'a few', 'early in the morning'] gold_answers ['2', 'afternoon', '9', 'morn']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1080/1262 [05:57<00:54,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1080/1262 [05:57<00:54,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1082/2846529 [05:58<261:54:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1082/2846529 [05:58<261:54:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jack', 'a bed', 'baking', 'french']
questions ['What would you use to raise this object to change the tire?', 'What is this item used for?', 'What is an oven like this used for?', 'What language is on the street signs?'] predictions ['a jack', 'a bed', 'baking', 'french'] gold_answers ['jack', 'sleep', 'bake', 'french']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1081/1262 [05:58<00:52,  3.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1081/1262 [05:58<00:52,  3.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1083/2846529 [05:58<261:52:33,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1083/2846529 [05:58<261:52:33,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['square', 'a small train', 'the mediterranean', 'a monarch']
questions ['What is the shape this sign is in?', 'Can you guess the train model shown in this picture?', 'What part of the world would this meal be from?', 'What breed of butterfly is that on the plate?'] predictions ['square', 'a small train', 'the mediterranean', 'a monarch'] gold_answers ['octagon', 'passenger', 'italy', 'monarch']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1082/1262 [05:58<00:55,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1082/1262 [05:58<00:55,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1084/2846529 [05:59<261:53:32,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1084/2846529 [05:59<261:53:32,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['graffiti', 'banana bread', 'a calico', 'you buy them']
questions ['What is on this truck?', 'Name the dish that can be prepared using this fruit shown in this picture?', 'What breed of cat is this?', 'How do you get that many trophies?'] predictions ['graffiti', 'banana bread', 'a calico', 'you buy them'] gold_answers ['graffiti', 'banana pud', 'calico', 'win']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1083/1262 [05:58<00:54,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1083/1262 [05:58<00:54,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1085/2846529 [05:59<261:52:10,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1085/2846529 [05:59<261:52:11,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cypress', 'olympics', 'shams', 'ceramic']
questions ['What sort of trees are these?', 'What event is this called?', "What's the name of the large square pillows used on beds?", 'What is this vase made of?'] predictions ['cypress', 'olympics', 'shams', 'ceramic'] gold_answers ['oak', 'snowboard', 'throw', 'glass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1084/1262 [05:59<00:55,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1084/1262 [05:59<00:55,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1086/2846529 [05:59<261:51:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1086/2846529 [05:59<261:51:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the woods', 'people who are traveling', 'a prison', 'a terrier']
questions ['Name the place shown in this picture where the bear is standing?', 'Who rides this type of transportation?', 'Name the type of house where these windows are seen?', 'What breed of dog is this?'] predictions ['the woods', 'people who are traveling', 'a prison', 'a terrier'] gold_answers ['wood', 'commuter', 'jail', 'terrier']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1085/1262 [05:59<00:54,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1085/1262 [05:59<00:54,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1087/2846529 [06:00<261:50:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1087/2846529 [06:00<261:50:32,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['indoor', 'the united states', 'oak', 'the porch']
questions ['Is this device for indoor or outdoor use?', 'For what ccountry are these planes flying?', 'What wood are those cabinets made of?', 'What is the name of this room if it were to be outside house instead of inside?'] predictions ['indoor', 'the united states', 'oak', 'the porch'] gold_answers ['indoor', 'usa', 'oak', 'outhouse']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1086/1262 [05:59<00:50,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1086/1262 [05:59<00:50,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1088/2846529 [06:00<261:46:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1088/2846529 [06:00<261:46:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['london', 'he is skiing', 'happy', 'a clock']
questions ['What city is this?', 'Why is the man wearing a heavy crown jacket?', 'What could the emotions of these people be?', 'What can we find on this round disk?'] predictions ['london', 'he is skiing', 'happy', 'a clock'] gold_answers ['london', 'cold', 'happy', 'time']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1087/1262 [05:59<00:49,  3.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1087/1262 [05:59<00:49,  3.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1089/2846529 [06:00<261:44:10,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1089/2846529 [06:00<261:44:10,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a banana bread', 'it is a sunny day', 'fisheye', 'a park']
questions ['What recipe can these be used in?', 'What time of day is it?', 'What type of camera lens took this photo?', 'Name the place shown in this picture where the game is played?'] predictions ['a banana bread', 'it is a sunny day', 'fisheye', 'a park'] gold_answers ['bread', 'afternoon', 'fisheye', 'field']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1088/1262 [06:00<00:51,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1088/1262 [06:00<00:51,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1090/2846529 [06:00<261:44:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1090/2846529 [06:00<261:44:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['air', 'autumn', 'whirlpool', 'one']
questions ['The two objects floating in the air in the picture can be filled with what gas such that the objects can continue to float upwards in the air?', 'During what season was this photo taken?', 'Which brand of gas stove is seen in this photo?', 'How many eggs does this animal usually lay at one time?'] predictions ['air', 'autumn', 'whirlpool', 'one'] gold_answers ['helium', 'autumn', 'maytag', '4']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1089/1262 [06:00<00:51,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1089/1262 [06:00<00:51,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1091/2846529 [06:01<261:42:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1091/2846529 [06:01<261:42:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sauce', 'wood', 'no parking', 'cloudy']
questions ['What is in the bowl with the broccoli?', 'Name the material which is used to make the name board shown in this picture?', 'What does the sign in the photo mean?', 'What is the weather like?'] predictions ['a sauce', 'wood', 'no parking', 'cloudy'] gold_answers ['cheese sauce', 'metal', 'no swim', 'cloudy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1090/1262 [06:00<00:48,  3.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1090/1262 [06:00<00:48,  3.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1092/2846529 [06:01<261:39:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1092/2846529 [06:01<261:39:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not enough information', 'a cat', 'macbook pro', 'catcher']
questions ['How old is this little tennis player?', 'What food does the animal eat?', 'What model of computer is this?', 'What is the term for the man wearing black?'] predictions ['not enough information', 'a cat', 'macbook pro', 'catcher'] gold_answers ['10', 'cat food', 'apple', 'umpire']

Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1091/1262 [06:01<00:46,  3.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1091/1262 [06:01<00:46,  3.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1093/2846529 [06:01<261:35:29,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1093/2846529 [06:01<261:35:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a parachute', 'commercial service', 'helmet, gloves, and boots', 'birthday']
questions ['What do people wear to jump out of this transportations safely?', 'Is the horse providing a practical service or a commercial service?', 'What is the safety gear that should be worn while on one of these?', 'What holiday is this an example of?'] predictions ['a parachute', 'commercial service', 'helmet, gloves, and boots', 'birthday'] gold_answers ['parachute', 'commercial', 'helmet', 'birthday']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1092/1262 [06:01<00:49,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1092/1262 [06:01<00:49,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1094/2846529 [06:02<261:35:28,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1094/2846529 [06:02<261:35:28,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a queen size bed', 'toilets', 'mule', 'a restaurant']
questions ['What size bed is that?', 'What are in the rooms?', 'What breeds of horses are commonly used as farm animals?', 'What is located off this exit?'] predictions ['a queen size bed', 'toilets', 'mule', 'a restaurant'] gold_answers ['king', 'toilet', 'draft', 'gas station']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1093/1262 [06:01<00:49,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1093/1262 [06:01<00:49,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1095/2846529 [06:02<261:34:08,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1095/2846529 [06:02<261:34:09,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['giraffes', 'it is a laptop', 'private', 'they are awaiting a calf']
questions ['What else like these could you find only in kenya along with tigers?', 'Why does the screen look that way?', 'What kind of airplane is this?', 'Why are all these eleiphants huddled together?'] predictions ['giraffes', 'it is a laptop', 'private', 'they are awaiting a calf'] gold_answers ['elephant', 'screensaver', 'jet', 'herd']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1094/1262 [06:02<00:55,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1094/1262 [06:02<00:55,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1096/2846529 [06:02<261:37:44,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1096/2846529 [06:02<261:37:44,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stop at the stop sign', 'grass', 'It is a pizza', 'kitchen']
questions ['What is the driver supposed to do?', 'What kind of food does this animal eat?', 'How is this item cooked?', 'In which room of the house is this table likely to be located?'] predictions ['stop at the stop sign', 'grass', 'It is a pizza', 'kitchen'] gold_answers ['stop', 'leaf', 'oven', 'kitchen']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1095/1262 [06:02<00:53,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1095/1262 [06:02<00:53,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1097/2846529 [06:03<261:36:22,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1097/2846529 [06:03<261:36:23,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['downhill', 'clean my face', 'two', '"do not use this mirror"']
questions ['What direction is this person going in?', 'What hygiene task could i accomplish here?', 'How many pieces of fruit are in this picture?', 'The writing on the bottom of this mirror states what?'] predictions ['downhill', 'clean my face', 'two', '"do not use this mirror"'] gold_answers ['down', 'bath', '2', 'object are closer than they appear']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1096/1262 [06:02<00:56,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1096/1262 [06:02<00:56,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1098/2846529 [06:03<261:38:35,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1098/2846529 [06:03<261:38:35,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a field', 'grout', 'it is from a country in the middle east', 'grapes']
questions ['Where are these animals found?', 'What is the name of the substance used between tiles to make them watertight?', 'What country does this food come from?', 'What are the green fruit?'] predictions ['in a field', 'grout', 'it is from a country in the middle east', 'grapes'] gold_answers ['farm', 'grout', 'italy', 'kiwi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1097/1262 [06:03<01:00,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1097/1262 [06:03<01:00,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1099/2846529 [06:03<261:43:20,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1099/2846529 [06:03<261:43:20,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["a commercial driver's license", 'train', 'a laptop', 'a pizza restaurant']
questions ['What type of license does the operator of this vehicle likely have?', 'What kind of transportation are people able to take from this place?', 'Which model type is this computer?', 'What type of restaurant cn you usually find this type of food?'] predictions ["a commercial driver's license", 'train', 'a laptop', 'a pizza restaurant'] gold_answers ['cdl', 'train', 'apple', 'pizza']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1098/1262 [06:03<01:00,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1098/1262 [06:03<01:00,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1100/2846529 [06:04<261:44:29,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1100/2846529 [06:04<261:44:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wine', 'a cake', 'two', 'it is night']
questions ['What is she drinking?', 'What type of desert is this?', 'How many stomachs does this animal have?', 'What time of day is it?'] predictions ['wine', 'a cake', 'two', 'it is night'] gold_answers ['wine', 'cake', '4', 'even']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1099/1262 [06:03<00:53,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1099/1262 [06:03<00:53,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1101/2846529 [06:04<261:40:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1101/2846529 [06:04<261:40:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it takes a few minutes', 'in a city', 'during the day', 'a foal']
questions ['How long does it take to make this food?', 'What type of setting would you usually find this bus?', 'When would i eat this?', 'What is the offspring of this creature called?'] predictions ['it takes a few minutes', 'in a city', 'during the day', 'a foal'] gold_answers ['30 minutes', 'city', 'dinner', 'foal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1100/1262 [06:04<00:53,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1100/1262 [06:04<00:53,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1102/2846529 [06:04<261:40:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1102/2846529 [06:04<261:40:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['greenish', 'ambulance', 'tile', 'skateboard on ice']
questions ['What color green exactly are the tiles in this room?', 'Bring out the dead featured this vehicle?', 'What kind of flooring was used in this bathroom?', 'What do skaters do in the winter?'] predictions ['greenish', 'ambulance', 'tile', 'skateboard on ice'] gold_answers ['seafoam', 'ambulance', 'marble', 'snowboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1101/1262 [06:04<00:51,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1101/1262 [06:04<00:51,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1103/2846529 [06:05<261:39:23,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1103/2846529 [06:05<261:39:23,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are shaped like bowls', 'it is a cow', 'after dinner', 'spoke']
questions ['How would you describe the shape of these urinals?', 'What is the life expectancy of this animal?', 'At what time of day might you eat this kind of food?', 'The red metal portion that overhangs the wheel is called a what?'] predictions ['they are shaped like bowls', 'it is a cow', 'after dinner', 'spoke'] gold_answers ['bowl', '20 years', 'even', 'fender']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1102/1262 [06:04<00:53,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1102/1262 [06:04<00:53,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1104/2846529 [06:05<261:40:28,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1104/2846529 [06:05<261:40:28,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a puddle', 'to eat them', 'blue and orange', 'two']
questions ['What is the giraffe drinking from?', 'What is the purpose of keeping these animals?', 'What colors would the sky be if this was sunrise?', 'How many people can play tennis?'] predictions ['a puddle', 'to eat them', 'blue and orange', 'two'] gold_answers ['puddle', 'milk', 'orange', '4']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1103/1262 [06:05<00:51,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1103/1262 [06:05<00:51,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1105/2846529 [06:05<261:39:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1105/2846529 [06:05<261:39:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a rufous-tailed robin', 'cobblestone', 'a laptop', 'italy']
questions ['What breed of bird is this?', 'What is this road comprised of?', 'What type of computer is shown?', 'Which country does this food originate from?'] predictions ['a rufous-tailed robin', 'cobblestone', 'a laptop', 'italy'] gold_answers ['finch', 'cobble', 'laptop', 'italy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1104/1262 [06:05<00:57,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1104/1262 [06:05<00:57,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1106/2846529 [06:06<261:44:55,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1106/2846529 [06:06<261:44:56,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a fence', 'a lizard', 'to keep people from walking through', 'rider']
questions ['What is the common name of the fence in the image?', 'What did this organism evolve from?', 'What were these for?', 'What do you call the girl riding the animal?'] predictions ['a fence', 'a lizard', 'to keep people from walking through', 'rider'] gold_answers ['wire fence', 'bird', 'rain', 'rider']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1105/1262 [06:05<00:55,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1105/1262 [06:05<00:55,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1107/2846529 [06:06<261:44:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1107/2846529 [06:06<261:44:44,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['three', 'tree limbs', 'a brown horse', 'a crane']
questions ['How many different shades of purple do you see?', 'What is this animals main food source?', 'What breed of horse is that?', 'What species of bird is this?'] predictions ['three', 'tree limbs', 'a brown horse', 'a crane'] gold_answers ['3', 'fish', 'quarter', 'crane']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1106/1262 [06:06<00:51,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1106/1262 [06:06<00:51,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1108/2846529 [06:06<261:42:19,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1108/2846529 [06:06<261:42:20,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['princess cupcakes', "in the early 1900's", 'winter', 'glass']
questions ['What kind of cupcakes are these?', 'When did this style of suitcase go out of fashion?', 'What season is this?', 'Is the cup glass or plastic?'] predictions ['princess cupcakes', "in the early 1900's", 'winter', 'glass'] gold_answers ['chocolate', "1970's", 'winter', 'glass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1107/1262 [06:06<00:51,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1107/1262 [06:06<00:51,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1109/2846529 [06:07<261:42:17,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1109/2846529 [06:07<261:42:18,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['if it is green and rotten', 'tv', 'a child', 'bananas']
questions ['Based on the appearance of the fruit estimate how ripe it is?', 'What kind of computer monitor is the one in image?', 'Who might play here?', 'What kind of fruit is this tree growing?'] predictions ['if it is green and rotten', 'tv', 'a child', 'bananas'] gold_answers ['very ripe', 'crt', 'baby', 'banana']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1108/1262 [06:06<00:54,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1108/1262 [06:06<00:54,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1110/2846529 [06:07<261:45:49,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1110/2846529 [06:07<261:45:50,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the sea of gulf', 'water', 'a sandwich', 'a few hundred']
questions ['Name the sea shown in this picture where the ship is seen?', 'What is the molecular structure of the liquid the man was riding on?', 'What food is this?', 'How many calories are in this dessert?'] predictions ['the sea of gulf', 'water', 'a sandwich', 'a few hundred'] gold_answers ['atlantic', 'h2o', 'sandwich', '400']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1109/1262 [06:07<00:53,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1109/1262 [06:07<00:53,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1111/2846529 [06:07<261:45:39,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1111/2846529 [06:07<261:45:40,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['gnomes', 'it is a train', 'they are running at a very fast pace', 'swan']
questions ['What are the small statues of?', 'What does this vehicle do?', 'What is the top speed of these animals?', 'What type of bird is this?'] predictions ['gnomes', 'it is a train', 'they are running at a very fast pace', 'swan'] gold_answers ['gnome', 'transport', '30 mph', 'swan']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1110/1262 [06:07<00:55,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1110/1262 [06:07<00:55,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1112/2846529 [06:08<261:49:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1112/2846529 [06:08<261:49:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['The greenery helps to filter the air and reduce pollution', 'by a train engine', 'the one with the contrail', 'a tongue']
questions ['How does the greenery in this area help the environment?', 'How is the vehicle in the picture powered?', 'Which airplane is moving faster?', 'What should this blue object cut?'] predictions ['The greenery helps to filter the air and reduce pollution', 'by a train engine', 'the one with the contrail', 'a tongue'] gold_answers ['create oxygen', 'electricity', 'top', 'paper']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1111/1262 [06:08<00:59,  2.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1111/1262 [06:08<00:59,  2.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1113/2846529 [06:08<261:54:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1113/2846529 [06:08<261:54:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'a boat that is a tugboat', 'dog', 'at a zoo']
questions ['What brand is this phone?', 'What type of boat is floating on the river?', "What animal known as 'mans best friend' is in the suitcase?", 'Where might this picture have been taken?'] predictions ['no brand', 'a boat that is a tugboat', 'dog', 'at a zoo'] gold_answers ['nokia', 'ferry', 'dog', 'safari']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1112/1262 [06:08<01:00,  2.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1112/1262 [06:08<01:00,  2.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1114/2846529 [06:09<261:58:24,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1114/2846529 [06:09<261:58:25,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a bakery', 'frisbee', 'parking', 'about 300']
questions ['Where would these be purchased?', 'What toy is the dog playing with?', 'What is the gray and black machine used for?', 'How many calories per slice does this food contain?'] predictions ['in a bakery', 'frisbee', 'parking', 'about 300'] gold_answers ['bakery', 'frisbee', 'park', '500']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1113/1262 [06:08<00:54,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1113/1262 [06:08<00:54,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1115/2846529 [06:09<261:55:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1115/2846529 [06:09<261:55:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seagull', 'a ski lift', 'vitamins c and e', 'It is a pizza']
questions ['What is the species of bird?', 'What are they riding on?', 'What vitamins do you get from these fruits?', 'How is this dish prepared?'] predictions ['seagull', 'a ski lift', 'vitamins c and e', 'It is a pizza'] gold_answers ['seagull', 'ski lift', 'potassium', 'baked']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1114/1262 [06:09<00:52,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1114/1262 [06:09<00:52,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1116/2846529 [06:09<261:55:56,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1116/2846529 [06:09<261:55:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is night', 'striped umbrella', 'tennis', 'white surfboard']
questions ['What time of day is it?', 'What is the pattern called that is printed on the umbrella?', 'What sport is being played?', 'What the name of the board the person is carrying?'] predictions ['it is night', 'striped umbrella', 'tennis', 'white surfboard'] gold_answers ['morn', 'stripe', 'tennis', 'surf board']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1115/1262 [06:09<00:47,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1115/1262 [06:09<00:47,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1117/2846529 [06:10<261:52:11,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1117/2846529 [06:10<261:52:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a woman', 'checkered', 'it has a clock tower', 'a cat']
questions ['Who traditionally accesses this red item?', 'What pattern is on the counter top?', 'Why would one suspect this is not a buddhist temple w?', 'What is the name for this creatures offspring?'] predictions ['a woman', 'checkered', 'it has a clock tower', 'a cat'] gold_answers ['fire department', 'checkerboard', 'cross', 'kitten']

Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1116/1262 [06:09<00:47,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1116/1262 [06:09<00:47,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1118/2846529 [06:10<261:52:00,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1118/2846529 [06:10<261:52:00,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white ceramic', 'benzene', 'it is long', 'a house']
questions ['What material is the receptacle holding the flowers made from?', 'What chemicals are coming out of the chimneys?', 'How long is that surfboard?', 'What type of building has this kind of bench?'] predictions ['white ceramic', 'benzene', 'it is long', 'a house'] gold_answers ['porcelain', 'smoke', '7 feet', 'church']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1117/1262 [06:10<00:44,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1117/1262 [06:10<00:44,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1119/2846529 [06:10<261:49:42,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1119/2846529 [06:10<261:49:42,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lions', 'winter', 'studying', 'it is early morning']
questions ['What is a natural predator of the depicted animals?', 'What season is this?', 'Are you more likely to find people studying in this environment or more likely to find people headbanging and moshing in this type of environment?', 'What time of day is it?'] predictions ['lions', 'winter', 'studying', 'it is early morning'] gold_answers ['lion', 'winter', 'study', 'afternoon']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1118/1262 [06:10<00:43,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1118/1262 [06:10<00:43,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1120/2846529 [06:10<261:47:21,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1120/2846529 [06:10<261:47:21,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['crocheted', 'leather', 'a portrait', 'it eats dog food']
questions ['How was this phone case made?', 'Which material is used for making the sofa set shown in this picture?', 'What style of painting is that?', 'What food does this animal eat?'] predictions ['crocheted', 'leather', 'a portrait', 'it eats dog food'] gold_answers ['crochet', 'polyester', 'oil', 'meat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1119/1262 [06:10<00:43,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1119/1262 [06:10<00:43,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1121/2846529 [06:11<261:47:11,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1121/2846529 [06:11<261:47:11,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a backhand', 'wedding', 'stone', 'a claw foot tub']
questions ['What is this play in tennis called?', 'What event are they planning for?', 'What is this monument made of?', 'What type of bath is this?'] predictions ['a backhand', 'wedding', 'stone', 'a claw foot tub'] gold_answers ['serve', 'wed', 'stone', 'clawfoot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1120/1262 [06:10<00:43,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1120/1262 [06:10<00:43,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1122/2846529 [06:11<261:45:56,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1122/2846529 [06:11<261:45:56,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['surfing', 'they are black and have a white collar', 'modern', 'laying down']
questions ['What type of activity are the items on the trailer used for?', 'Why are cats like this considered unlucky?', 'What style of architecture is the black building?', 'What position are these animals in?'] predictions ['surfing', 'they are black and have a white collar', 'modern', 'laying down'] gold_answers ['water sport', 'black', 'modern', 'lay down']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1121/1262 [06:11<00:47,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1121/1262 [06:11<00:47,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1123/2846529 [06:11<261:49:11,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1123/2846529 [06:11<261:49:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["in the early 1900's", 'the united states', 'cooking', 'rainy']
questions ['When was the round object in the photo originally created?', 'Which country is this sport big in?', 'What is this room typically used most for?', 'What type of weather is this?'] predictions ["in the early 1900's", 'the united states', 'cooking', 'rainy'] gold_answers ['1656', 'usa', 'cook', 'rainy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1122/1262 [06:11<00:46,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1122/1262 [06:11<00:46,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1124/2846529 [06:12<261:49:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1124/2846529 [06:12<261:49:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tennis court', 'grass', 'mercedes', 'easy']
questions ['Can you guess the place where this person is playing?', 'What does he eat?', 'What is the make of the vehicle?', 'What difficulty is the ski run?'] predictions ['a tennis court', 'grass', 'mercedes', 'easy'] gold_answers ['tennis court', 'grass', 'mercedes', 'black diamond']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1123/1262 [06:11<00:43,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1123/1262 [06:11<00:43,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1125/2846529 [06:12<261:46:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1125/2846529 [06:12<261:46:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bike', 'canada', 'meal', 'nike']
questions ['Is it faster riding the bike or the motorcycle?', "What country's flag is flying?", 'Is this a snack or meal?', 'What brand of clothing is the person in the image wearing?'] predictions ['bike', 'canada', 'meal', 'nike'] gold_answers ['motorcycle', 'canada', 'meal', 'north face']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1124/1262 [06:12<00:40,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1124/1262 [06:12<00:40,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1126/2846529 [06:12<261:43:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1126/2846529 [06:12<261:43:04,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['skateboard ramp', 'skateboard', 'asian', 'to keep people safe']
questions ['What is the name of this apparatus?', 'What has four wheels in this picture?', 'What ethnicty is this man?', 'What is this object used for?'] predictions ['skateboard ramp', 'skateboard', 'asian', 'to keep people safe'] gold_answers ['skateboard', 'skateboard', 'indian', 'fire']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1125/1262 [06:12<00:39,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1125/1262 [06:12<00:39,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1127/2846529 [06:13<261:40:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1127/2846529 [06:13<261:40:42,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stainless steel', 'a tabby', 'you pay with coins', 'stainless steel']
questions ['What is that cutlery made of?', 'What type of cat is this?', 'How do you pay for parking here?', 'What material is the knife made of?'] predictions ['stainless steel', 'a tabby', 'you pay with coins', 'stainless steel'] gold_answers ['steel', 'calico', 'quarter', 'metal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1126/1262 [06:12<00:38,  3.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1126/1262 [06:12<00:38,  3.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1128/2846529 [06:13<261:38:20,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1128/2846529 [06:13<261:38:21,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a hawk', 'asian', 'boat', 'sunset']
questions ['What type of bird eats this food?', 'What culture does she resemble?', 'What kind of craft is this?', 'What time of day is it?'] predictions ['a hawk', 'asian', 'boat', 'sunset'] gold_answers ['hawk', 'asian', 'boat', 'sunset']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1127/1262 [06:13<00:38,  3.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1127/1262 [06:13<00:38,  3.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1129/2846529 [06:13<261:35:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1129/2846529 [06:13<261:35:58,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catcher', 'there are many breeds of cats', 'a white cedar', 'Africa and Asia']
questions ['What is the function of the man in the back center of the picture?', 'How many breeds of this animal do we have?', 'What type of wood was used for the siding on this house?', 'These animals are natives of what two continents?'] predictions ['catcher', 'there are many breeds of cats', 'a white cedar', 'Africa and Asia'] gold_answers ['referee', '50', 'pine', 'africa and asia']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1128/1262 [06:13<00:40,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1128/1262 [06:13<00:40,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1130/2846529 [06:14<261:37:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1130/2846529 [06:14<261:37:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fog', 'packing', 'a computer', 'leather']
questions ['What is in the air?', 'What will she use this for?', 'What device are these tools connected to?', 'Name the material used to make this suitcase shown in this picture?'] predictions ['fog', 'packing', 'a computer', 'leather'] gold_answers ['fog', 'pack', 'computer', 'polyester']

Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1129/1262 [06:13<00:38,  3.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1129/1262 [06:13<00:38,  3.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1131/2846529 [06:14<261:33:34,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1131/2846529 [06:14<261:33:34,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wool', 'wood', 'a coffee cup', 'bread']
questions ['What kind of fabric product is produced from these animals?', 'Name the material which is used to make this bat shown in this picture?', 'What is the cat about to drink from?', 'What bakery item is shown?'] predictions ['wool', 'wood', 'a coffee cup', 'bread'] gold_answers ['wool', 'fiberglass', 'mug', 'bread']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1130/1262 [06:13<00:37,  3.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1130/1262 [06:13<00:37,  3.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1132/2846529 [06:14<261:31:13,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1132/2846529 [06:14<261:31:13,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['acer aspire', 'champagne', 'the kings head', 'a cloak']
questions ['Name the laptop model shown in this picture?', 'What kind of wine is he drinking?', 'What resturaunt is this dish from?', 'What is the man wearing to protect his arm?'] predictions ['acer aspire', 'champagne', 'the kings head', 'a cloak'] gold_answers ['macbook', 'white', "denny's", 'glove']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1131/1262 [06:14<00:38,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1131/1262 [06:14<00:38,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1133/2846529 [06:14<261:31:11,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1133/2846529 [06:14<261:31:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['"i\'m so happy you\'re here"', 'on the beach', 'forest', 'arizona']
questions ['What might people say in this situation?', 'Where is this person located?', 'What kind of habitat is shown?', 'What state does this picture come from?'] predictions ['"i\'m so happy you\'re here"', 'on the beach', 'forest', 'arizona'] gold_answers ['cheer', 'beach', 'forest', 'arizona']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1132/1262 [06:14<00:45,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1132/1262 [06:14<00:45,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1134/2846529 [06:15<261:36:56,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1134/2846529 [06:15<261:36:56,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is looking at the surfboard', 'a stormy day', 'black and white', 'sleeping']
questions ['What is the dog doing?', 'What kind of weather is this?', 'What style of photograph is this?', 'What is this room used for?'] predictions ['he is looking at the surfboard', 'a stormy day', 'black and white', 'sleeping'] gold_answers ['swim', 'stormy', 'black and white', 'sleep']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1133/1262 [06:15<00:46,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1133/1262 [06:15<00:46,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1135/2846529 [06:15<261:39:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1135/2846529 [06:15<261:39:16,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to warn people of the danger of bikes', 'clock', 'bean bags', 'rice']
questions ["What is the purpose of the silver strips on these peoples' vests?", 'What is this machine on the building used for?', 'What are those chairs made out of?', 'Which food shown here is often served in asian restaurants?'] predictions ['to warn people of the danger of bikes', 'clock', 'bean bags', 'rice'] gold_answers ['reflection', 'tell time', 'fabric', 'rice']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1134/1262 [06:15<00:46,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1134/1262 [06:15<00:46,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1136/2846529 [06:16<261:41:16,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1136/2846529 [06:16<261:41:17,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a party', 'hay', 'a few', 'clay']
questions ['What type of function is happening here?', 'What food does the animal eat?', 'How many apps does he have on his phone?', 'What is cat litter filler made of?'] predictions ['a party', 'hay', 'a few', 'clay'] gold_answers ['picnic', 'hay', '19', 'sand']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1135/1262 [06:15<00:41,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1135/1262 [06:15<00:41,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1137/2846529 [06:16<261:37:40,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1137/2846529 [06:16<261:37:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cat food', 'grass', 'sit at tables', 'they are too heavy']
questions ['What food does this animal eat?', 'What do these animals eat?', 'What can people do here?', "Why couldn't a child ride one of these by themself?"] predictions ['cat food', 'grass', 'sit at tables', 'they are too heavy'] gold_answers ['fish', 'grass', 'eat', 'danger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1136/1262 [06:16<00:39,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1136/1262 [06:16<00:39,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1138/2846529 [06:16<261:35:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1138/2846529 [06:16<261:35:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['novak djokovic', 'a zoo elephant', 'blender', 'when i am at a restaurant']
questions ['Who is the current highest ranking male player of this sport?', 'What type of elephant is this?', 'What kitchen appliance is being used here?', 'When would i want this?'] predictions ['novak djokovic', 'a zoo elephant', 'blender', 'when i am at a restaurant'] gold_answers ['roger federer', 'african', 'blender', 'lunch']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1137/1262 [06:16<00:41,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1137/1262 [06:16<00:41,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1139/2846529 [06:17<261:37:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1139/2846529 [06:17<261:37:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no parking', '450 degrees', 'vanilla', 'a bucket of water']
questions ['What does the sign mean?', 'At what temperature should this food be cooked at?', 'What flavor is this?', 'What type of cleaner is being used?'] predictions ['no parking', '450 degrees', 'vanilla', 'a bucket of water'] gold_answers ['do not enter', '375', 'custard', 'comet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1138/1262 [06:16<00:40,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1138/1262 [06:16<00:40,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1140/2846529 [06:17<261:36:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1140/2846529 [06:17<261:36:16,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['put a sandwich on a cookie', 'birthday', 'by a motor', 'the platform']
questions ['How do you make this treat?', 'What event is this?', 'How is this form of transportation powered?', 'What is the brick portion of this area referred to as?'] predictions ['put a sandwich on a cookie', 'birthday', 'by a motor', 'the platform'] gold_answers ['bake in oven', 'birthday', 'electricity', 'platform']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1139/1262 [06:17<00:42,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1139/1262 [06:17<00:42,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1141/2846529 [06:17<261:38:22,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1141/2846529 [06:17<261:38:22,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white plastic', 'a birthday party', 'a cigarette', 'it was lost by a young girl']
questions ['What is the bowl made of?', 'What kind of gathering is this?', 'What kind of cigarette is the woman smoking?', 'Who lost this teddy bear?'] predictions ['white plastic', 'a birthday party', 'a cigarette', 'it was lost by a young girl'] gold_answers ['styrofoam', 'pool party', 'camel', 'child']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1140/1262 [06:17<00:43,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1140/1262 [06:17<00:43,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1142/2846529 [06:18<261:40:24,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1142/2846529 [06:18<261:40:24,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a field', 'two twin beds', 'a white dress', 'wood']
questions ['Where do you find these animals?', 'What size are the beds in this photo?', 'Name the type of dress material the girl wearing in this picture?', 'The tables in this room are made from what material?'] predictions ['in a field', 'two twin beds', 'a white dress', 'wood'] gold_answers ['farm', 'twin', 'cotton', 'wood']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1141/1262 [06:17<00:39,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1141/1262 [06:17<00:39,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1143/2846529 [06:18<261:37:53,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1143/2846529 [06:18<261:37:53,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a photo is developed by using a silver gelatin print', 'a musical performance', 'splotches', 'a shirt']
questions ['What is the process for developing the kind of photo shown?', 'What kind of performance is happening?', 'The white portions of this cat are called what?', 'What kind of dress material the boy is wearing in this picture?'] predictions ['a photo is developed by using a silver gelatin print', 'a musical performance', 'splotches', 'a shirt'] gold_answers ['black and white', 'concert', 'paw', 'cotton']

Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1142/1262 [06:18<00:46,  2.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1142/1262 [06:18<00:46,  2.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1144/2846529 [06:18<261:45:38,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1144/2846529 [06:18<261:45:39,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sliding door', 'birthday', 'they are stuffed animals', 'california']
questions ['What kind of door is shown in this photo?', 'What was the occasion this was made for?', 'What do these things have in common?', 'Which place is this?'] predictions ['a sliding door', 'birthday', 'they are stuffed animals', 'california'] gold_answers ['french', 'birthday', 'animal', 'beach']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1143/1262 [06:18<00:43,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1143/1262 [06:18<00:43,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1145/2846529 [06:19<261:45:40,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1145/2846529 [06:19<261:45:40,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a wooden skateboard', 'lamb', 'two', '1940s']
questions ['What kind of skateboard is this?', 'What meat comes from this animal?', 'How many engines does the item in the photo have?', 'What decade would you estimate this to have been taken in?'] predictions ['a wooden skateboard', 'lamb', 'two', '1940s'] gold_answers ['longboard', 'mutton', '2', '1950s']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1144/1262 [06:18<00:41,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1144/1262 [06:18<00:41,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1146/2846529 [06:19<261:44:25,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1146/2846529 [06:19<261:44:25,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['showing', 'the phillies', 'male', 'about 450']
questions ['Is it showing or raining?', 'What team does he play for?', 'What gender are these cattle?', 'How many calories does this meal have?'] predictions ['showing', 'the phillies', 'male', 'about 450'] gold_answers ['snow', 'cardinal', 'male', '700']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1145/1262 [06:19<00:38,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1145/1262 [06:19<00:38,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1147/2846529 [06:19<261:42:02,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1147/2846529 [06:19<261:42:02,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1871', 'ursa minor', 'in the sink', 'not a city']
questions ['When was this sport invented?', 'What is the name of the large constellation associated with this animal?', 'Where could you wash your hands?', 'What city is this in?'] predictions ['1871', 'ursa minor', 'in the sink', 'not a city'] gold_answers ['1839', 'bear', 'sink', 'london']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1146/1262 [06:19<00:35,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1146/1262 [06:19<00:35,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1148/2846529 [06:20<261:39:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1148/2846529 [06:20<261:39:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['helmet', 'italy', 'broccoli', 'outdoors']
questions ['What safety equipment is being used?', 'What country is often credited with the invention of this type of food?', 'What vegetable is there?', 'Are these people indoors or outdoors?'] predictions ['helmet', 'italy', 'broccoli', 'outdoors'] gold_answers ['helmet', 'italy', 'broccoli', 'outdoor']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1147/1262 [06:19<00:33,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1147/1262 [06:19<00:33,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1149/2846529 [06:20<261:35:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1149/2846529 [06:20<261:35:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stove', 'a runway', 'a kite', 'concrete']
questions ['What type of kitchen appliance is this?', 'What is the name of the pavement that this vehicle lands on?', 'What does this man fly for fun?', 'What is the sidewalk made out of?'] predictions ['stove', 'a runway', 'a kite', 'concrete'] gold_answers ['stove', 'runway', 'kite', 'concrete']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1148/1262 [06:19<00:32,  3.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1148/1262 [06:19<00:32,  3.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1150/2846529 [06:20<261:33:27,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1150/2846529 [06:20<261:33:27,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a laptop can be a fire hazard', 'flour, eggs, and butter', 'motorbikes', 'no']
questions ['What dangers exist when consuming food in close proximity to a laptop?', 'What are the ingredients used for preparing the dish shown before you?', 'What forms of transportation are there?', 'How many of these run daily in the us?'] predictions ['a laptop can be a fire hazard', 'flour, eggs, and butter', 'motorbikes', 'no'] gold_answers ['spill', 'dough', 'scooter', 'thousand']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1149/1262 [06:20<00:38,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1149/1262 [06:20<00:38,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1151/2846529 [06:21<261:38:48,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1151/2846529 [06:21<261:38:48,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['beer', 'by electricity', 'acer aspire t580', 'a cigarette']
questions ['What is in the glass?', 'How is this vehicle powered?', 'Name the laptop model shown in this picture?', 'The lady is holding something what medical conditions had this thing been linked too?'] predictions ['beer', 'by electricity', 'acer aspire t580', 'a cigarette'] gold_answers ['beer', 'electricity', 'dell', 'lung cancer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1150/1262 [06:20<00:41,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1150/1262 [06:20<00:41,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1152/2846529 [06:21<261:43:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1152/2846529 [06:21<261:43:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a video game', 'striped', 'japan', 'in the bathroom']
questions ['The people pictured are focusing on what object in this picture?', 'What pattern is the cover?', 'What country are these dishes from?', 'Where would this be located in a house?'] predictions ['a video game', 'striped', 'japan', 'in the bathroom'] gold_answers ['television', 'striped', 'japan', 'bathroom']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1151/1262 [06:21<00:37,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1151/1262 [06:21<00:37,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1153/2846529 [06:21<261:40:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1153/2846529 [06:21<261:40:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['she is happy', 'children', 'wine', 'a coca cola sign']
questions ['Why is she smiling?', 'Which age group visit this kind of place?', 'What is being served as a beverage?', 'What is painted on the bench?'] predictions ['she is happy', 'children', 'wine', 'a coca cola sign'] gold_answers ['happiness', 'toddler', 'wine', 'coca cola']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1152/1262 [06:21<00:37,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1152/1262 [06:21<00:37,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1154/2846529 [06:22<261:41:46,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1154/2846529 [06:22<261:41:46,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['new york city', 'the president', 'writing', 'a floppy disk drive']
questions ['In what city is the cross section of these particular streets?', 'Who would ride the train?', 'What is the woman doing?', 'Which machine are those storage devices used in?'] predictions ['new york city', 'the president', 'writing', 'a floppy disk drive'] gold_answers ['nyc', 'conductor', 'study', 'computer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1153/1262 [06:21<00:37,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1153/1262 [06:21<00:37,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1155/2846529 [06:22<261:42:47,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1155/2846529 [06:22<261:42:47,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['burgers', 'to a boat', 'a poodle', 'They are all using laptops']
questions ['What type of food might be served in a place like this?', 'Where does this usually belong?', 'What breed of dog is this?', 'What are they all doing together?'] predictions ['burgers', 'to a boat', 'a poodle', 'They are all using laptops'] gold_answers ['wing', 'water', 'pitbull', 'learn']

Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1154/1262 [06:22<00:36,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1154/1262 [06:22<00:36,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1156/2846529 [06:22<261:42:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1156/2846529 [06:22<261:42:30,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wii', 'at a dog show', 'a public restroom', 'a microphone']
questions ['What game console is that man playing?', 'Where might you see this?', 'Where would you find this?', 'What did they use what he was holding for?'] predictions ['wii', 'at a dog show', 'a public restroom', 'a microphone'] gold_answers ['wii', 'dog show', 'bathroom', 'sing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1155/1262 [06:22<00:35,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1155/1262 [06:22<00:35,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1157/2846529 [06:23<261:41:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1157/2846529 [06:23<261:41:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a paddle board', 'wood', 'cat', 'yes']
questions ['What is the person on?', 'What is the object all of the note books are sitting on made of?', 'Is that a panda or a cat?', 'Is this a snack or meal?'] predictions ['a paddle board', 'wood', 'cat', 'yes'] gold_answers ['surfboard', 'wood', 'cat', 'meal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1156/1262 [06:22<00:32,  3.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1156/1262 [06:22<00:32,  3.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1158/2846529 [06:23<261:38:42,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1158/2846529 [06:23<261:38:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['floods', 'a barn', 'skis', 'they make a squealing sound']
questions ['What sort of natural disaster is this land prone to?', 'What building is this?', 'What type of sporting equipment is being worn?', 'What vocalization do these animals make?'] predictions ['floods', 'a barn', 'skis', 'they make a squealing sound'] gold_answers ['flood', 'barn', 'ski', 'bark']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1157/1262 [06:23<00:36,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1157/1262 [06:23<00:36,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1159/2846529 [06:23<261:42:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1159/2846529 [06:23<261:42:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['blue and white', 'no', 'lions', 'a cell phone']
questions ['What style is this table set up in?', 'Do you know where they are going?', 'What is the animals natural predator?', 'What sort of phone would you associate with this computer?'] predictions ['blue and white', 'no', 'lions', 'a cell phone'] gold_answers ['modern', 'airport', 'lion', 'iphone']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1158/1262 [06:23<00:33,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1158/1262 [06:23<00:33,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1160/2846529 [06:24<261:40:29,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1160/2846529 [06:24<261:40:29,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a chihuahua', 'the united states', 'in a train station', 'Instagram']
questions ['What breed of dog is this?', 'What country is this activity most popular in?', 'Where is this picture taken?', 'What social media app is famous for using facial filters?'] predictions ['a chihuahua', 'the united states', 'in a train station', 'Instagram'] gold_answers ['spaniel', 'netherlands', 'train station', 'instagram']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1159/1262 [06:23<00:36,  2.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1159/1262 [06:23<00:36,  2.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1161/2846529 [06:24<261:44:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1161/2846529 [06:24<261:44:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a hand gesture', 'a serve', 'toast', 'they are looking for a boat']
questions ['What does this move have in common with what a waitress does?', 'What type of hit is being preformed?', 'What kind of bread is in this picture?', 'Why is the coast guard in the water?'] predictions ['it is a hand gesture', 'a serve', 'toast', 'they are looking for a boat'] gold_answers ['serve', 'serve', 'marble rye', 'safety']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1160/1262 [06:24<00:36,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1160/1262 [06:24<00:36,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1162/2846529 [06:24<261:45:33,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1162/2846529 [06:24<261:45:33,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toilet paper', 'the st. louis of the west', 'the southeastern states', 'a sepia filter']
questions ['What paper is frequently used here?', 'What is the nickname of this city?', 'What area of the united states would this animal be found in?', 'What color filter was used on this photo to achieve an aged look?'] predictions ['toilet paper', 'the st. louis of the west', 'the southeastern states', 'a sepia filter'] gold_answers ['toilet', 'big apple', 'southeast', 'sepia']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1161/1262 [06:24<00:38,  2.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1161/1262 [06:24<00:38,  2.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1163/2846529 [06:25<261:49:48,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1163/2846529 [06:25<261:49:48,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a brahmin cow', 'tabby', 'young people', 'modern']
questions ['What breed of livestock are these animals?', 'What breed of cat is this?', 'What age group plays this sport the most?', 'What style of architecture is pictured?'] predictions ['a brahmin cow', 'tabby', 'young people', 'modern'] gold_answers ['goat', 'tabby', 'teenage', 'gothic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1162/1262 [06:24<00:37,  2.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1162/1262 [06:24<00:37,  2.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1164/2846529 [06:25<261:50:49,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1164/2846529 [06:25<261:50:49,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['by blending them with milk', 'autumn', 'water', 'metal']
questions ['By what method can bananas be converted into a beverage?', 'What season is it?', 'What drink do humans get from this animal?', 'What are the cans made of?'] predictions ['by blending them with milk', 'autumn', 'water', 'metal'] gold_answers ['blend', 'fall', 'milk', 'aluminum']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1163/1262 [06:25<00:35,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1163/1262 [06:25<00:35,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1165/2846529 [06:25<261:50:41,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1165/2846529 [06:25<261:50:42,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the chain', '900', 'new york city', 'wii']
questions ['What is stopping the horse from following the cat?', 'If she is eating the pizza right side up estimate the calorie count of the pizza she is eating?', 'In which city are the headquarters of the bank whose logo is shown in the image located?', "What game system does the remote in the child's hand belong to?"] predictions ['the chain', '900', 'new york city', 'wii'] gold_answers ['chain', '500', 'new york', 'wii']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1164/1262 [06:25<00:31,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1164/1262 [06:25<00:31,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1166/2846529 [06:26<261:47:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1166/2846529 [06:26<261:47:16,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['baby elephants', 'modern', 'san francisco', 'baseball']
questions ['What is the appropriate names for babies of this species?', 'What style of furniture is featured here?', 'What city does this intersection belong in?', 'What sport is being played?'] predictions ['baby elephants', 'modern', 'san francisco', 'baseball'] gold_answers ['calf', 'modern', 'new york', 'baseball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1165/1262 [06:25<00:31,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1165/1262 [06:25<00:31,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1167/2846529 [06:26<261:47:02,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1167/2846529 [06:26<261:47:02,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is brushing his teeth at night', 'kraft', 'plastic', 'a dog']
questions ['What time is he brushing his teeth?', 'What brand of mustard?', 'What is the sink made of?', 'Who is playing this sport?'] predictions ['he is brushing his teeth at night', 'kraft', 'plastic', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['morn', "french's", 'porcelain', 'dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1166/1262 [06:26<00:33,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1166/1262 [06:26<00:33,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1168/2846529 [06:26<261:50:17,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1168/2846529 [06:26<261:50:18,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['third', 'lecture', 'sand', 'skiing']
questions ['What trimester is the woman in the photo currently in?', 'Is this an example of a lecture or a film?', 'What does this bird eat?', 'What is one sport that could be done in this environment?'] predictions ['third', 'lecture', 'sand', 'skiing'] gold_answers ['third', 'lecture', 'fish', 'ski']

Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1167/1262 [06:26<00:30,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1167/1262 [06:26<00:30,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1169/2846529 [06:27<261:46:47,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1169/2846529 [06:27<261:46:48,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in california', 'his helmet', 'fishing boat', 'fun']
questions ['Where is this beverage created?', 'What can protect this driver in case of a crash?', 'What type of vessel would remain in this environment?', 'Is this fun or boring?'] predictions ['in california', 'his helmet', 'fishing boat', 'fun'] gold_answers ['australia', 'helmet', 'boat', 'fun']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1168/1262 [06:26<00:31,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1168/1262 [06:26<00:31,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1170/2846529 [06:27<261:47:44,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1170/2846529 [06:27<261:47:45,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['fluorescent', 'wide angle', 'pies', 'playing video games']
questions ['What kind of bulbs are used in this light fixture?', 'What kind of camera lens created this photo effect?', 'What can you make with these?', 'What indoor activity are the people doing?'] predictions ['fluorescent', 'wide angle', 'pies', 'playing video games'] gold_answers ['flourescent', 'fisheye', 'pie', 'wii']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1169/1262 [06:27<00:28,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1169/1262 [06:27<00:28,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1171/2846529 [06:27<261:44:19,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1171/2846529 [06:27<261:44:19,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['suit', 'suits', 'a cityscape', 'aer lan']
questions ['Can you guess the dress material weared by these persons in this picture?', 'What style of clothing are these kids wearing?', 'What is the habitat of these creatures?', 'Which company own this aeroplane?'] predictions ['suit', 'suits', 'a cityscape', 'aer lan'] gold_answers ['polyester', 'uniform', 'tree', 'boeing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1170/1262 [06:27<00:27,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1170/1262 [06:27<00:27,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1172/2846529 [06:28<261:43:02,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1172/2846529 [06:28<261:43:02,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['A woman is using a laptop', 'a chihuahua', 'when you are eating pizza', 'honda']
questions ['What type of conversation is this?', 'What breed of dog is this?', 'When might you want this?', 'Who is the manufacturer of that motorcycle?'] predictions ['A woman is using a laptop', 'a chihuahua', 'when you are eating pizza', 'honda'] gold_answers ['skype', 'terrier', 'dinner', 'ducati']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1171/1262 [06:27<00:31,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1171/1262 [06:27<00:31,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1173/2846529 [06:28<261:47:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1173/2846529 [06:28<261:47:15,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sandwich', 'fishing', 'lace, velvet, linen, and silk', 'they are all cows']
questions ['What is this main dish called?', 'What might these boats be used for?', 'What types of fabric are used to make window curtains?', 'What are the breeds of the cows in this photo?'] predictions ['a sandwich', 'fishing', 'lace, velvet, linen, and silk', 'they are all cows'] gold_answers ['pizza', 'fish', 'cotton', 'holstein']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1172/1262 [06:28<00:32,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1172/1262 [06:28<00:32,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1174/2846529 [06:28<261:50:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1174/2846529 [06:28<261:50:31,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["mcdonald's", '19th century', 'the best way to calculate payment for this item is to multiply the price by the number of items', 'hong kong']
questions ['Which brand is the suitcase there?', 'What year will the vehicle?', 'What is the best way to calculate payment for this item?', 'What major city is this?'] predictions ["mcdonald's", '19th century', 'the best way to calculate payment for this item is to multiply the price by the number of items', 'hong kong'] gold_answers ['american tourist', '1940', 'calculator', 'hong kong']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1173/1262 [06:28<00:40,  2.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1173/1262 [06:28<00:40,  2.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1175/2846529 [06:29<262:03:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1175/2846529 [06:29<262:03:51,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a commuter train', 'toucan', 'a cell phone', 'a party']
questions ['What style of train is in the station?', 'What is the name of this bird?', 'Name one specific object the children in the photo are most likely looking at?', 'What kind of gathering is this?'] predictions ['a commuter train', 'toucan', 'a cell phone', 'a party'] gold_answers ['commuter', 'toucan', 'phone', 'party']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1174/1262 [06:29<00:35,  2.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1174/1262 [06:29<00:35,  2.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1176/2846529 [06:29<262:02:40,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1176/2846529 [06:29<262:02:40,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['johnny cash', 'tennis', 'honda', 'a giraffe can live up to a hundred years']
questions ['What musician sang about this food item in paradise in 1978?', 'What sport are the women playing?', 'What company makes this car?', 'What is the average life expectancy of the animal shown?'] predictions ['johnny cash', 'tennis', 'honda', 'a giraffe can live up to a hundred years'] gold_answers ['jimmy buffet', 'tennis', 'ford', '25 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1175/1262 [06:29<00:39,  2.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1175/1262 [06:29<00:39,  2.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1177/2846529 [06:30<262:11:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1177/2846529 [06:30<262:11:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it causes tides', 'a bidet', 'in a computer room', 'john mcmahon']
questions ['What effect on the ocean does this planetary body cause?', 'What is the name for this type of toilet?', 'Where would you find these?', 'Which athlete of this sport has a video game named after him?'] predictions ['it causes tides', 'a bidet', 'in a computer room', 'john mcmahon'] gold_answers ['tide', 'bidet', 'bedroom', 'tony hawk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1176/1262 [06:30<00:37,  2.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1176/1262 [06:30<00:37,  2.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1178/2846529 [06:30<262:14:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1178/2846529 [06:30<262:14:34,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['people who live in the city', 'no', 'helmet', 'it is a window']
questions ['Who rides this type of vehicle?', 'Where can i get the same cake topper?', 'What protective gear might one need for this activity?', 'What is the architectural style of this window?'] predictions ['people who live in the city', 'no', 'helmet', 'it is a window'] gold_answers ['tourist', 'bakery', 'pad', 'modern']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1177/1262 [06:30<00:34,  2.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1177/1262 [06:30<00:34,  2.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1179/2846529 [06:31<262:14:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1179/2846529 [06:31<262:14:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a robe', 'It is a pizza that has been topped with meat and vegetables', 'a slam', 'skiing']
questions ['What is this person wearing?', 'How is this prepared?', 'What is this skateboard move called?', 'What sport are these racers doing?'] predictions ['a robe', 'It is a pizza that has been topped with meat and vegetables', 'a slam', 'skiing'] gold_answers ['robe', 'baked', 'grind', 'ski']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1178/1262 [06:31<00:37,  2.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1178/1262 [06:31<00:37,  2.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1180/2846529 [06:31<262:23:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1180/2846529 [06:31<262:23:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cheese and meat', 'tennis', 'umpire', 'europe']
questions ['What is on this sandwich?', 'What is this sport called she is playing?', 'Who is the official in this sport?', 'In what country was this photo taken in?'] predictions ['cheese and meat', 'tennis', 'umpire', 'europe'] gold_answers ['cheese', 'tennis', 'umpire', 'london']

Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1179/1262 [06:31<00:32,  2.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1179/1262 [06:31<00:32,  2.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1181/2846529 [06:31<262:19:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1181/2846529 [06:31<262:19:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a fastball', 'gas', 'it could have gotten here by climbing up the bookshelf', 'a backpack']
questions ['What was the fastest pitch in history?', 'Electric or gas stove?', 'How could the cat get here?', 'What do you need for camping?'] predictions ['a fastball', 'gas', 'it could have gotten here by climbing up the bookshelf', 'a backpack'] gold_answers ['105 mph', 'electric', 'jump', 'tent']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1180/1262 [06:31<00:35,  2.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1180/1262 [06:31<00:35,  2.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1182/2846529 [06:32<262:27:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1182/2846529 [06:32<262:27:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1896', 'a lithium ion battery', 'living room', 'in germany']
questions ['When was the first airplane flight?', 'What type of battery powers these devices?', 'What room of the house is this?', 'Where are cars of this brand made?'] predictions ['1896', 'a lithium ion battery', 'living room', 'in germany'] gold_answers ['1903', 'lithium', 'live room', 'germany']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1181/1262 [06:32<00:32,  2.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1181/1262 [06:32<00:32,  2.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1183/2846529 [06:32<262:28:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1183/2846529 [06:32<262:28:22,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['They are brown', 'to eat', 'taking a picture', 'in a hot dog stand']
questions ['How do we know that these are not polar bears?', 'What are these people waiting for?', 'What is the man doing with his phone?', 'Where could you buy this item?'] predictions ['They are brown', 'to eat', 'taking a picture', 'in a hot dog stand'] gold_answers ['color', 'food', 'take photo', 'food truck']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1182/1262 [06:32<00:30,  2.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1182/1262 [06:32<00:30,  2.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1184/2846529 [06:33<262:28:06,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1184/2846529 [06:33<262:28:07,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sleep', 'a hobby of cutting flowers', 'it is a pipe', 'a food coloring']
questions ['What do people do here?', 'What hobby might this depict?', 'How is the tobacco plant affiliated with this picture?', 'What is used to make these bowls that color?'] predictions ['sleep', 'a hobby of cutting flowers', 'it is a pipe', 'a food coloring'] gold_answers ['sleep', 'scrapbook', 'pipe', 'paint']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1183/1262 [06:32<00:28,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1183/1262 [06:32<00:28,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1185/2846529 [06:33<262:28:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1185/2846529 [06:33<262:28:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['transporting people', 'it is from the 1940s', 'a mitt', 'cooking']
questions ['What are these type of vehicles used for?', 'How old is this picture?', 'What long equiptment is used to play this sport?', 'What activity usually takes place in this room?'] predictions ['transporting people', 'it is from the 1940s', 'a mitt', 'cooking'] gold_answers ['public transportation', 'very old', 'bat', 'cook']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1184/1262 [06:33<00:27,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1184/1262 [06:33<00:27,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1186/2846529 [06:33<262:27:59,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1186/2846529 [06:33<262:27:59,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['red', 'it can cause damage', '1896', 'cake']
questions ['What color is the stop sign?', 'Why is allowing this pet behavior bad for the electronic?', 'When was this sport invented?', 'What are they cutting?'] predictions ['red', 'it can cause damage', '1896', 'cake'] gold_answers ['red', 'hair', '1850', 'cake']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1185/1262 [06:33<00:25,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1185/1262 [06:33<00:25,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1187/2846529 [06:34<262:25:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1187/2846529 [06:34<262:25:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a cat', 'a black coating', 'nike', 'the best climate for raising these animals is a dry climate']
questions ['What is the scientific name of the animal on the chair?', 'What kind of coating was used on this bench?', "What brand is the women's sweater in the middle?", 'What is the best climate for raising these animals?'] predictions ['a cat', 'a black coating', 'nike', 'the best climate for raising these animals is a dry climate'] gold_answers ['cat', 'paint', 'north face', 'warm']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1186/1262 [06:33<00:28,  2.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1186/1262 [06:33<00:28,  2.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1188/2846529 [06:34<262:31:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1188/2846529 [06:34<262:31:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a portrait', 'tennis', 'it is not clear', 'when they are waiting for someone']
questions ['What is the term used to describe the picture style?', 'What sport are the items below the pictures used for?', 'What food does the animal eat?', 'When would someone sit here?'] predictions ['a portrait', 'tennis', 'it is not clear', 'when they are waiting for someone'] gold_answers ['selfie', 'tennis', 'tuna', 'wait']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1187/1262 [06:34<00:27,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1187/1262 [06:34<00:27,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1189/2846529 [06:34<262:31:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1189/2846529 [06:34<262:31:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["mcdonald's", 'chicago', 'school bus', 'paper']
questions ['What restaurant is this?', 'Is this type of hot dog more famous in chicago or new york?', 'What type of bus is parked here?', 'What are the plates made of?'] predictions ["mcdonald's", 'chicago', 'school bus', 'paper'] gold_answers ['mcdonalds', 'chicago', 'school', 'paper']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1188/1262 [06:34<00:27,  2.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1188/1262 [06:34<00:27,  2.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1190/2846529 [06:35<262:33:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1190/2846529 [06:35<262:33:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['robins', 'winter', 'sour', 'in the 1980s']
questions ['What species of birds are in the tree?', 'What season is this?', 'If the people in this picture licked their lips what would it taste like?', 'When was this object first created?'] predictions ['robins', 'winter', 'sour', 'in the 1980s'] gold_answers ['cardinal', 'winter', 'salt', '1936']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1189/1262 [06:34<00:25,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1189/1262 [06:34<00:25,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1191/2846529 [06:35<262:31:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1191/2846529 [06:35<262:31:45,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a polo shirt', 'in a pond', 'a travel agency', 'yellow']
questions ['What is the typical name for the numbered shirt the man is wearing?', 'Where does this animal live?', 'What company is featured on this ad?', 'What color is the taxi?'] predictions ['a polo shirt', 'in a pond', 'a travel agency', 'yellow'] gold_answers ['jersey', 'lake', 'sunweb', 'yellow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1190/1262 [06:35<00:24,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1190/1262 [06:35<00:24,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1192/2846529 [06:35<262:31:48,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1192/2846529 [06:35<262:31:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about a foot tall', 'a city in asia', 'tomato sauce', 'third base']
questions ['How tall is the tree that these fruit grow on?', 'Where in the middle east is this?', 'What is the red sauce on the food item on the right?', 'What base is this player standing on?'] predictions ['about a foot tall', 'a city in asia', 'tomato sauce', 'third base'] gold_answers ['12 feet', 'israel', 'tomato', 'home']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1191/1262 [06:35<00:23,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1191/1262 [06:35<00:23,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1193/2846529 [06:36<262:31:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1193/2846529 [06:36<262:31:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a passenger train', 'the train conductor', 'the ocean', 'citrus']
questions ['What kind of train is this?', 'Who collects tickets on this ride?', 'Can you guess the place where this sport is played?', 'What kind of fruit is these?'] predictions ['a passenger train', 'the train conductor', 'the ocean', 'citrus'] gold_answers ['bullet', 'conductor', 'ocean', 'citrus']

Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1192/1262 [06:35<00:22,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1192/1262 [06:35<00:22,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1194/2846529 [06:36<262:29:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1194/2846529 [06:36<262:29:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['plastic', 'it is made with a donut and a cup', 'flying', 'banana']
questions ['What is that blue table made out of?', 'How is this made?', 'What is that plane doing?', 'What fruit is pictured from south america?'] predictions ['plastic', 'it is made with a donut and a cup', 'flying', 'banana'] gold_answers ['marble', 'fried', 'fly', 'banana']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1193/1262 [06:36<00:25,  2.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1193/1262 [06:36<00:25,  2.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1195/2846529 [06:37<262:35:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1195/2846529 [06:37<262:35:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['coins', 'in the uk', 'it gets a lot', 'in a city']
questions ['What do you put in this machine to operate it?', 'Where are these fruits grown?', 'How many miles per gallon does that white car get?', 'Where can you find these signs?'] predictions ['coins', 'in the uk', 'it gets a lot', 'in a city'] gold_answers ['coin', 'tree', '30', 'japan']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1194/1262 [06:36<00:23,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1194/1262 [06:36<00:23,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1196/2846529 [06:37<262:34:11,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1196/2846529 [06:37<262:34:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['messy', 'san francisco, san francisco bay area, san', 'it is landing', 'young people']
questions ['Is this baby messy or dirty?', 'What cities still have cable cars?', 'What is this plane doing?', 'What age group plays this sport the most?'] predictions ['messy', 'san francisco, san francisco bay area, san', 'it is landing', 'young people'] gold_answers ['messy', 'san francisco', 'taxi', '20']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1195/1262 [06:37<00:29,  2.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1195/1262 [06:37<00:29,  2.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1197/2846529 [06:37<262:46:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1197/2846529 [06:37<262:46:51,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['people who are not able to drive', 'a fire hydrant', 'wine', 'the living room']
questions ['Who can use this transportation type?', 'What could be in there?', 'What are these people drinking?', 'In what room would you find this piece of furniture?'] predictions ['people who are not able to drive', 'a fire hydrant', 'wine', 'the living room'] gold_answers ['people', 'water', 'wine', 'live']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1196/1262 [06:37<00:27,  2.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1196/1262 [06:37<00:27,  2.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1198/2846529 [06:38<262:48:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1198/2846529 [06:38<262:48:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a cherry', 'oranges', 'take off', 'a chihuahua']
questions ["What's in the middle of that sweet?", 'What kind of food is he selling?', 'What is this plane about to do?', "What is the type of dog on the woman's lap?"] predictions ['a cherry', 'oranges', 'take off', 'a chihuahua'] gold_answers ['creme', 'tomato', 'take off', 'cocker spaniel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1197/1262 [06:38<00:27,  2.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1197/1262 [06:38<00:27,  2.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1199/2846529 [06:38<262:52:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1199/2846529 [06:38<262:52:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['concrete', 'pastries', 'it had been rusting', 'blue']
questions ['What is this bench made of?', 'What food is displayed in the window?', 'What had caused the train to go brown?', 'Can you guess the material used to make this boy shirt shown in this picture?'] predictions ['concrete', 'pastries', 'it had been rusting', 'blue'] gold_answers ['plastic', 'pastry', 'rust', 'fleece']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1198/1262 [06:38<00:25,  2.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1198/1262 [06:38<00:25,  2.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1200/2846529 [06:39<262:52:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1200/2846529 [06:39<262:52:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a truck bed', 'watch television', 'a frisbee', 'jin air']
questions ['This restricts an animals movement?', 'What do people do in this room?', 'What is it he is trying to catch?', 'What airline is this?'] predictions ['a truck bed', 'watch television', 'a frisbee', 'jin air'] gold_answers ['leash', 'watch tv', 'frisbee', 'jal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1199/1262 [06:38<00:23,  2.66it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1199/1262 [06:38<00:23,  2.66it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1201/2846529 [06:39<262:52:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1201/2846529 [06:39<262:52:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the world war ii', 'gas', 'brick', 'a cat']
questions ['What war is this airplane associated with?', 'Does the fireplace pictured use wood or gas?', 'What is the building made of?', 'What kind of cat is this?'] predictions ['the world war ii', 'gas', 'brick', 'a cat'] gold_answers ['world war 2', 'wood', 'brick', 'tabby']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1200/1262 [06:39<00:22,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1200/1262 [06:39<00:22,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1202/2846529 [06:39<262:52:08,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1202/2846529 [06:39<262:52:08,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sunflower', 'the pedestrian', 'a hot dog', 'a surfboard']
questions ['What type of flower could that be?', 'Who has the right of way here?', 'What vegetable is this food made from?', 'Name the material used to prepare this board shown in this picture?'] predictions ['a sunflower', 'the pedestrian', 'a hot dog', 'a surfboard'] gold_answers ['marigold', 'pedestrian', 'cucumber', 'wax']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1201/1262 [06:39<00:20,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1201/1262 [06:39<00:20,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1203/2846529 [06:40<262:49:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1203/2846529 [06:40<262:49:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bananas', 'glass', 'square', 'it can carry a lot of people']
questions ['What kind of fruit is picture in this warehouse?', 'What material is most common in the bathroom?', 'What shape is the sign?', 'How many people can this type of vehicle carry?'] predictions ['bananas', 'glass', 'square', 'it can carry a lot of people'] gold_answers ['banana', 'tile', 'octagon', '50']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1202/1262 [06:39<00:20,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1202/1262 [06:39<00:20,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1204/2846529 [06:40<262:51:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1204/2846529 [06:40<262:51:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the british royal family', 'in a city', 'john nixon', '30,000 feet']
questions ['What official public servants are known to favor these confections?', 'Where is this clock located?', 'Who invented the first board like this?', 'How high can one of these fly?'] predictions ['the british royal family', 'in a city', 'john nixon', '30,000 feet'] gold_answers ['police', 'england', 'laird hamilton', '20000 ft']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1203/1262 [06:40<00:20,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1203/1262 [06:40<00:20,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1205/2846529 [06:40<262:52:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1205/2846529 [06:40<262:52:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['vitamin c', 'a tornado', 'ketchup', 'coffee']
questions ['What vitamin do these fruit give?', 'What type of natural disaster is most likely to happen to this scene?', 'What spices typically go on this side item?', 'What is the main rival of the drink on the table?'] predictions ['vitamin c', 'a tornado', 'ketchup', 'coffee'] gold_answers ['vitamin c', 'forest fire', 'salt', 'pepsi']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1204/1262 [06:40<00:18,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1204/1262 [06:40<00:18,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1206/2846529 [06:41<262:50:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1206/2846529 [06:41<262:50:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['graffiti', 'corn', 'when i am hungry', 'a liquid']
questions ['What is the writing on the train usually called?', 'What types of crop could be this green?', 'When do i eat these?', 'What is in the barrels?'] predictions ['graffiti', 'corn', 'when i am hungry', 'a liquid'] gold_answers ['graffiti', 'corn', 'breakfast', 'oil']

Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1205/1262 [06:40<00:18,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1205/1262 [06:40<00:18,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1207/2846529 [06:41<262:49:01,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1207/2846529 [06:41<262:49:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1879', 'when you are working', 'a tennis court', 'wine']
questions ['What year was this type of lighting source invented?', 'When would you want this drink?', 'Can you guess the place name where this sport is played?', 'What type of drink is in the bottle?'] predictions ['1879', 'when you are working', 'a tennis court', 'wine'] gold_answers ['1879', 'morn', 'wimbledon', 'wine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1206/1262 [06:40<00:17,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1206/1262 [06:40<00:17,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1208/2846529 [06:41<262:46:42,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1208/2846529 [06:41<262:46:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to wash your hands', 'the sun setting', 'a tabby', 'teddy bears']
questions ['What is the purpose of this room?', 'What makes the sky that color?', 'What kind of cat is this?', 'Which objects shown are typically associated with small children?'] predictions ['to wash your hands', 'the sun setting', 'a tabby', 'teddy bears'] gold_answers ['elimination and wash', 'sunset', 'house cat', 'teddy bear']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1207/1262 [06:41<00:17,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1207/1262 [06:41<00:17,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1209/2846529 [06:41<262:46:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1209/2846529 [06:41<262:46:35,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to keep the bears from moving', 'electric', 'the minor leagues', 'baseball']
questions ['Why is the rope here?', 'Is the stove electric or gas?', 'Which league are these baseball players in?', 'What sport is commonly paired with this food?'] predictions ['to keep the bears from moving', 'electric', 'the minor leagues', 'baseball'] gold_answers ['protect', 'electric', 'little league', 'baseball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1208/1262 [06:41<00:17,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1208/1262 [06:41<00:17,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1210/2846529 [06:42<262:47:30,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1210/2846529 [06:42<262:47:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['frisbee', 'it is used to carry wood', 'it is night', 'kitesurfing']
questions ['What is the game they are playing?', 'What is this vehicle used for?', 'What time of day is it?', 'What activity is this person participating in?'] predictions ['frisbee', 'it is used to carry wood', 'it is night', 'kitesurfing'] gold_answers ['frisbee', 'dump', 'even', 'parasailing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1209/1262 [06:42<00:17,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1209/1262 [06:42<00:17,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1211/2846529 [06:42<262:47:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1211/2846529 [06:42<262:47:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['on the sidewalk', 'nike', 'europe', 'to herd sheep']
questions ["Where can't i park?", 'Who makes the shoes the tennis player is wearing?', 'What country is this?', 'What is the job of the dog in this photo?'] predictions ['on the sidewalk', 'nike', 'europe', 'to herd sheep'] gold_answers ['hydrant', 'nike', 'england', 'herd']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1210/1262 [06:42<00:16,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1210/1262 [06:42<00:16,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1212/2846529 [06:42<262:45:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1212/2846529 [06:42<262:45:09,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['healthy', 'cakes', 'a cat', 'a strike']
questions ['Is this activity healthy or unhealthy?', 'Kids have these on their birthday?', 'Who does this belong to?', 'If he misses what is it called?'] predictions ['healthy', 'cakes', 'a cat', 'a strike'] gold_answers ['healthy', 'cake', 'person', 'strike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1211/1262 [06:42<00:14,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1211/1262 [06:42<00:14,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1213/2846529 [06:43<262:41:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1213/2846529 [06:43<262:41:57,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carrots', 'potassium', 'thomas elmo', 'in a zoo']
questions ['What orange topping is on the pizza?', 'What mineral is found in this fruit?', 'Who invented the first one of these?', 'Where are these giraffes living?'] predictions ['carrots', 'potassium', 'thomas elmo', 'in a zoo'] gold_answers ['carrot', 'potassium', 'richard trevithick', 'zoo']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1212/1262 [06:42<00:16,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1212/1262 [06:42<00:16,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1214/2846529 [06:43<262:44:58,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1214/2846529 [06:43<262:44:59,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is winter', 'a few', 'brown and white', 'cooking']
questions ['What time of year is it?', 'How many passengers will this plane transport?', 'What are the horse breeds that the people are riding?', 'What activity are these tools used for?'] predictions ['it is winter', 'a few', 'brown and white', 'cooking'] gold_answers ['winter', '6', 'arabian', 'cook']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1213/1262 [06:43<00:14,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1213/1262 [06:43<00:14,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1215/2846529 [06:43<262:41:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1215/2846529 [06:43<262:41:32,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it was a sign to warn people of the dangers of dumping garbage in the river', 'fighter jets', 'sorting luggage', 'parking meters']
questions ['What prompted this municipality to install this sign?', 'What kind of airplanes are those?', 'What is the machine in the image used for?', 'Cool hand luke went to prison for defacing these?'] predictions ['it was a sign to warn people of the dangers of dumping garbage in the river', 'fighter jets', 'sorting luggage', 'parking meters'] gold_answers ['dump', 'fighter jet', 'move luggage', 'park meter']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1214/1262 [06:43<00:19,  2.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1214/1262 [06:43<00:19,  2.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1216/2846529 [06:44<262:54:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1216/2846529 [06:44<262:54:05,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a urinal', 'nike', 'Surfing', 'glazed']
questions ['What type of cake might be found here?', 'This famous brand of shoe wear is called what?', 'Wht activity is about to take place?', 'Name the ceramic type used to make these flower vases shown in this picture?'] predictions ['a urinal', 'nike', 'Surfing', 'glazed'] gold_answers ['urinal', 'converse', 'surf', 'porcelain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1215/1262 [06:44<00:17,  2.66it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1215/1262 [06:44<00:17,  2.66it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1217/2846529 [06:44<262:52:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1217/2846529 [06:44<262:52:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sandwich', 'plants', 'fork', 'black']
questions ['What is on the bread on the left?', 'What do these animals consume to survive?', 'What utensil is this?', "What is the complimentary color to the man's shirt?"] predictions ['a sandwich', 'plants', 'fork', 'black'] gold_answers ['cheese', 'fish', 'fork', 'blue']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1216/1262 [06:44<00:15,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1216/1262 [06:44<00:15,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1218/2846529 [06:45<262:49:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1218/2846529 [06:45<262:49:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["the st john's hotel & spa", 'whirlpool', 'ducks eat a variety of food', 'cat']
questions ['What might the card say?', 'Name the brand or model of the refrigerator shown in this picture?', 'What food do these animals eat?', 'These are the domesticated variety of what kind of creature?'] predictions ["the st john's hotel & spa", 'whirlpool', 'ducks eat a variety of food', 'cat'] gold_answers ['happy anniversary', 'whirlpool', 'fish', 'cat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1217/1262 [06:44<00:17,  2.60it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1217/1262 [06:44<00:17,  2.60it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1219/2846529 [06:45<262:55:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1219/2846529 [06:45<262:55:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toilet', 'paper', 'one', 'water']
questions ['What bathroom appliance is this kid sitting next to?', 'What are the decals made of?', 'How many lives does this thing have?', 'What are they drinking?'] predictions ['toilet', 'paper', 'one', 'water'] gold_answers ['toilet', 'plastic', '9', 'water']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1218/1262 [06:45<00:14,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1218/1262 [06:45<00:14,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1220/2846529 [06:45<262:50:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1220/2846529 [06:45<262:50:12,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['grizzly bear', 'a poodle', 'a birthday', 'hay']
questions ['What type of bear species is shown in the picture?', 'What breed of dog is this?', 'Who is this cake for?', 'What do giraffes like to eat?'] predictions ['grizzly bear', 'a poodle', 'a birthday', 'hay'] gold_answers ['brown', 'beagle', '30 year old', 'grass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1219/1262 [06:45<00:13,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1219/1262 [06:45<00:13,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1221/2846529 [06:46<262:48:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1221/2846529 [06:46<262:48:52,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['zebra', 'when you are going to a wedding', 'judge', 'the man is not wearing a chef hat']
questions ['Which one of these animals is native to north america?', 'When might you dress like this?', 'What profession is permitted to sentence people to this location?', 'What item indicates that the speaker is not a culinary expert?'] predictions ['zebra', 'when you are going to a wedding', 'judge', 'the man is not wearing a chef hat'] gold_answers ['deer', 'meet', 'judge', 'tie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1220/1262 [06:45<00:14,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1220/1262 [06:45<00:14,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1222/2846529 [06:46<262:52:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1222/2846529 [06:46<262:52:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wii', 'a few hundred', 'cooking', 'parking']
questions ['What gaming system is being played?', 'How many calories are contained in this food?', 'This appliance is used for what?', 'What is the meter for?'] predictions ['wii', 'a few hundred', 'cooking', 'parking'] gold_answers ['wii', '200', 'heat food', 'park']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1221/1262 [06:46<00:13,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1221/1262 [06:46<00:13,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1223/2846529 [06:46<262:50:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1223/2846529 [06:46<262:50:31,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["during the 1860's", 'it is a cookie', 'highland cattle', 'in store']
questions ['When did people start wearing those types of hat like the man in the plaid shirt?', 'How is this item prepared?', 'What species of animal is this?', 'These shirts are in store or at home?'] predictions ["during the 1860's", 'it is a cookie', 'highland cattle', 'in store'] gold_answers ['early 19th century', 'baked', 'yak', 'store']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1222/1262 [06:46<00:13,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1222/1262 [06:46<00:13,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1224/2846529 [06:47<262:50:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1224/2846529 [06:47<262:50:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cows', 'candy canes', 'to transport goods', 'the sun is not shining']
questions ['What type of animal is this?', 'What are the candies on this cake?', 'What is the purpose of these vehicles?', 'Why do we suspect this is a poor tanning day?'] predictions ['cows', 'candy canes', 'to transport goods', 'the sun is not shining'] gold_answers ['cow', 'birthday', 'cargo transport', 'cloudy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1223/1262 [06:46<00:12,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1223/1262 [06:46<00:12,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1225/2846529 [06:47<262:48:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1225/2846529 [06:47<262:48:56,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bedroom', 'canoeing', 'dangerous', 'vitamin c']
questions ['Which room in a typical appartment is shown in this picture?', 'In what sport do people use the items pictured here?', 'Is this safe or dangerous?', 'What antioxidants does this fruit contain?'] predictions ['bedroom', 'canoeing', 'dangerous', 'vitamin c'] gold_answers ['bedroom', 'kayak', 'danger', 'vitamin c']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1224/1262 [06:46<00:11,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1224/1262 [06:46<00:11,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1226/2846529 [06:47<262:46:40,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1226/2846529 [06:47<262:46:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a track', 'sunny', 'wii', 'steel']
questions ['What is this model train sitting on?', 'What is the weather like?', 'What gaming system are they playing?', 'Can you guess the material used to make the post shown in this picture?'] predictions ['a track', 'sunny', 'wii', 'steel'] gold_answers ['track', 'sunny', 'wii', 'metal']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1225/1262 [06:47<00:10,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1225/1262 [06:47<00:10,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1227/2846529 [06:47<262:43:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1227/2846529 [06:47<262:43:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a cloudy day', 'gulls', 'smell', 'pelican']
questions ['What time of day is it?', 'What birds are these?', 'This animal is known for several acute senses including what?', 'Which animal shown is closely associated with roof nests and holland?'] predictions ['it is a cloudy day', 'gulls', 'smell', 'pelican'] gold_answers ['even', 'gull', 'hear', 'stork']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1226/1262 [06:47<00:11,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1226/1262 [06:47<00:11,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1228/2846529 [06:48<262:44:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1228/2846529 [06:48<262:44:23,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['diesel', 'collecting old cars', 'in an airport', 'umbrellas']
questions ['On what type of fuel source do these vehicles run on?', 'What might be their hobby?', 'Where would you find this mode of transportation?', 'What tool are they using to shield themselves?'] predictions ['diesel', 'collecting old cars', 'in an airport', 'umbrellas'] gold_answers ['gas', 'car', 'airport', 'umbrella']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1227/1262 [06:47<00:10,  3.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1227/1262 [06:47<00:10,  3.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1229/2846529 [06:48<262:41:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1229/2846529 [06:48<262:41:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['zebra', 'blue shirt', 'a cola', 'umpires']
questions ['What other animal has colouration like the animal on the left?', 'Name the type of dress material the person is wearing in this picture?', 'What brand of softdrink does this establishment serve?', 'Who officiates these games?'] predictions ['zebra', 'blue shirt', 'a cola', 'umpires'] gold_answers ['skunk', 'cotton', 'coca cola', 'umpire']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1228/1262 [06:48<00:09,  3.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1228/1262 [06:48<00:09,  3.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1230/2846529 [06:48<262:38:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1230/2846529 [06:48<262:38:44,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['vandalism', 'a tropical drink', 'savannah', 'skateboarding']
questions ['Should the graffiti on this truck be considered vandalism or art?', 'What drink is being prepared?', 'What country is it likely this is?', 'What activity is taking place?'] predictions ['vandalism', 'a tropical drink', 'savannah', 'skateboarding'] gold_answers ['vandalism', 'coffee', 'south africa', 'skateboard']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1229/1262 [06:48<00:09,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1229/1262 [06:48<00:09,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1231/2846529 [06:49<262:37:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1231/2846529 [06:49<262:37:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carrots', 'a hut', 'toilet bowl', 'a cup of coffee']
questions ['What is the name of the fruit that is sliced?', 'What is the traditional name for this kind of structure?', 'What type of bowl is filled with water in this photo?', 'What would you drink to go with this food?'] predictions ['carrots', 'a hut', 'toilet bowl', 'a cup of coffee'] gold_answers ['cantaloupe', 'fence', 'toilet', 'coffee']

Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1230/1262 [06:48<00:09,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1230/1262 [06:48<00:09,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1232/2846529 [06:49<262:36:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1232/2846529 [06:49<262:36:17,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wood', 'in a city', 'about 10 years', 'herd']
questions ['What type of flooring is in the picture?', 'Where would you find this sign?', 'How long does this breed of dogs typically live?', 'A group of these animals is called a what?'] predictions ['wood', 'in a city', 'about 10 years', 'herd'] gold_answers ['wood', 'city', '15 years', 'herd']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1231/1262 [06:48<00:08,  3.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1231/1262 [06:48<00:08,  3.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1233/2846529 [06:49<262:34:00,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1233/2846529 [06:49<262:34:00,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to display street signs', 'sprite', 'it is made of glass', 'it is a fire']
questions ['What is the purpose of the sign post?', 'What brand of soda is on the bottle?', 'What kind of material is that shower made of?', 'What is generating the smoke from this airplane?'] predictions ['to display street signs', 'sprite', 'it is made of glass', 'it is a fire'] gold_answers ['street sign', 'coca cola', 'marble', 'engine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1232/1262 [06:49<00:08,  3.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1232/1262 [06:49<00:08,  3.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1234/2846529 [06:49<262:32:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1234/2846529 [06:49<262:32:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not a company', 'breakfast', 'pizza', 'baseball']
questions ['What company owns this bus?', 'Which meal of the day is this?', 'What type of cuisine is featured here?', 'What sport is the child playing?'] predictions ['not a company', 'breakfast', 'pizza', 'baseball'] gold_answers ['hybrid electric', 'breakfast', 'italian', 'baseball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1233/1262 [06:49<00:08,  3.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1233/1262 [06:49<00:08,  3.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1235/2846529 [06:50<262:30:24,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1235/2846529 [06:50<262:30:25,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ray ban', 'surf', 'rain', 'green bananas']
questions ['What company sells these sunglasses?', 'What sport could they do with these?', 'What type of weather yields those clouds?', 'What kind of banana are these?'] predictions ['ray ban', 'surf', 'rain', 'green bananas'] gold_answers ['ray ban', 'surf', 'stormy', 'plantain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1234/1262 [06:49<00:07,  3.66it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1234/1262 [06:49<00:07,  3.66it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1236/2846529 [06:50<262:27:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1236/2846529 [06:50<262:27:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['computer desk', 'in a pet store', "a driver's license", 'honda cbr 125']
questions ['What type of desk is this?', 'Where can you purchase this animal?', 'What is needed to drive this vehicle?', "What's the model of the motorcycle on the right?"] predictions ['computer desk', 'in a pet store', "a driver's license", 'honda cbr 125'] gold_answers ['computer', 'shelter', 'gas', 'harley']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1235/1262 [06:50<00:08,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1235/1262 [06:50<00:08,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1237/2846529 [06:50<262:29:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1237/2846529 [06:50<262:29:04,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['peanut butter', 'metal', 'male and female', 'bananas']
questions ['What type of spread is being used on the bread?', 'What is this chair made from?', 'What gender are these bears?', 'What kind of fruit?'] predictions ['peanut butter', 'metal', 'male and female', 'bananas'] gold_answers ['cream cheese', 'canvas', 'male', 'banana']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1236/1262 [06:50<00:07,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1236/1262 [06:50<00:07,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1238/2846529 [06:51<262:25:46,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1238/2846529 [06:51<262:25:47,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['baseball', '8', 'snowboarding', 'to protect herself from the rain']
questions ['What game are these people playing?', 'How many hours do these animals sleep daily?', 'What kind of competition is this?', 'Why does the women use an umbrella?'] predictions ['baseball', '8', 'snowboarding', 'to protect herself from the rain'] gold_answers ['baseball', '14', 'snowboard', 'rain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1237/1262 [06:50<00:07,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1237/1262 [06:50<00:07,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1239/2846529 [06:51<262:25:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1239/2846529 [06:51<262:25:29,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is night', 'solid', 'a garden', 'train']
questions ['What time of day is it?', 'Is the element in the picture in a solid liquid or in a gas state?', 'What type of place is this?', 'What type of transit is this?'] predictions ['it is night', 'solid', 'a garden', 'train'] gold_answers ['even', 'solid', 'garden', 'public']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1238/1262 [06:50<00:06,  3.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1238/1262 [06:50<00:06,  3.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1240/2846529 [06:51<262:22:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1240/2846529 [06:51<262:22:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['flowers', 'umpire', 'school buses', 'children']
questions ['What objects can these hold?', 'What is the persons title that stands behind the player up to bat?', 'What kind of vehicles does this lot hold?', 'What does this vehicle transport?'] predictions ['flowers', 'umpire', 'school buses', 'children'] gold_answers ['flower', 'umpire', 'bus', 'children']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1239/1262 [06:51<00:06,  3.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1239/1262 [06:51<00:06,  3.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1241/2846529 [06:51<262:18:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1241/2846529 [06:51<262:18:36,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['outside', 'a schnauzer', 'sailing', 'hay']
questions ['Where are these people having dinner?', 'What kind of dog is this?', 'The person with the paddle is doing what activity?', 'What do these animals eat?'] predictions ['outside', 'a schnauzer', 'sailing', 'hay'] gold_answers ['outside', 'terrier', 'paddleboarding', 'grass']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1240/1262 [06:51<00:06,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1240/1262 [06:51<00:06,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1242/2846529 [06:52<262:19:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1242/2846529 [06:52<262:19:41,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['acacia', 'a red fire hydrant', 'beef', 'brick']
questions ['Which type of wood is used to make the table shown in this photo?', 'What has been planted in this field?', 'What meat do we get from this animal when grown?', 'Can you guess the material used to prepare this bench?'] predictions ['acacia', 'a red fire hydrant', 'beef', 'brick'] gold_answers ['oak', 'corn', 'beef', 'wood']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1241/1262 [06:51<00:06,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1241/1262 [06:51<00:06,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1243/2846529 [06:52<262:20:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1243/2846529 [06:52<262:20:49,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rubber', 'one', 'during lunch', 'a bus']
questions ['What is the ball made out of in this sport?', 'How many eggs do the water fowl in this picture lay?', 'When would this meal be commonly eaten?', 'What were they fixing?'] predictions ['rubber', 'one', 'during lunch', 'a bus'] gold_answers ['rubber', '1', 'lunch', 'power line']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1242/1262 [06:52<00:05,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1242/1262 [06:52<00:05,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1244/2846529 [06:52<262:17:27,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1244/2846529 [06:52<262:17:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['boutonniere', 'a poodle', 'orange and turquoise', 'surfboard']
questions ['A flower worn where this man is putting his hands would be called a what?', 'What breed of dog is shown here?', 'What is the common color theme?', 'What kind of board is that?'] predictions ['boutonniere', 'a poodle', 'orange and turquoise', 'surfboard'] gold_answers ['lapel', 'mutt', 'orange', 'surf']

Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1243/1262 [06:52<00:05,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1243/1262 [06:52<00:05,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1245/2846529 [06:53<262:16:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1245/2846529 [06:53<262:16:13,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ocean', 'he is going fast', 'a church', 'snowy mountains']
questions ['What is most likely the name of the type of body of water theses people are next to?', 'Why is the rider leaning?', 'What church does that steeple belong to?', 'What harsh terrain is this plane over?'] predictions ['ocean', 'he is going fast', 'a church', 'snowy mountains'] gold_answers ['ocean', 'to turn', 'baptist', 'mountain']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1244/1262 [06:52<00:05,  3.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1244/1262 [06:52<00:05,  3.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1246/2846529 [06:53<262:15:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1246/2846529 [06:53<262:15:02,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a license', 'over a billion', 'wool', 'a train']
questions ['What is needed to drive this vehicle?', 'How many people use this mode of transportation daily in the world?', 'What product is most used from this animal?', 'What is this a historical viewing of?'] predictions ['a license', 'over a billion', 'wool', 'a train'] gold_answers ['license', 'million', 'wool', 'train']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1245/1262 [06:53<00:04,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1245/1262 [06:53<00:04,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1247/2846529 [06:53<262:12:42,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1247/2846529 [06:53<262:12:43,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['when you are making a pizza', 'surfing', 'selfie', 'the ipad mini']
questions ['When would you want this?', 'What is the name of the sport in the picture?', 'What is the kind of photo this woman in taking?', 'Which one of these devices has the lowest msrp?'] predictions ['when you are making a pizza', 'surfing', 'selfie', 'the ipad mini'] gold_answers ['lunch', 'surf', 'selfie', 'tablet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1246/1262 [06:53<00:04,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1246/1262 [06:53<00:04,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1248/2846529 [06:54<262:13:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1248/2846529 [06:54<262:13:28,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['whirlpool', 'a fagor', 'plastic', 'in a grassy field']
questions ['What brand is this mixer?', 'Which brand of car is shown in this photo?', 'What is the blue item in the persons hand made of?', 'Where would one find these animals?'] predictions ['whirlpool', 'a fagor', 'plastic', 'in a grassy field'] gold_answers ['kitchen aid', 'volkswagen', 'plastic', 'africa']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1247/1262 [06:53<00:04,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1247/1262 [06:53<00:04,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1249/2846529 [06:54<262:14:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1249/2846529 [06:54<262:14:18,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['vitamin c', '1880', 'it was grilled', 'gold']
questions ['In this photo what nutritions is this dish rich in?', 'When was this activity first invented?', 'How was the side cooked?', 'What is the buddha statue made out of?'] predictions ['vitamin c', '1880', 'it was grilled', 'gold'] gold_answers ['protein', '5th century bc', 'grilled', 'bronze']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1248/1262 [06:54<00:04,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1248/1262 [06:54<00:04,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1250/2846529 [06:54<262:12:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1250/2846529 [06:54<262:12:03,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["since the early 1900's", 'a vegan diet', 'two', 'leather']
questions ['How long has this train rail been in service?', 'What cause does this man support?', 'How many people can play this game?', 'Name the material used to make these helmets shown in this picture?'] predictions ["since the early 1900's", 'a vegan diet', 'two', 'leather'] gold_answers ['year', 'end aid', '4', 'plastic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1249/1262 [06:54<00:04,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1249/1262 [06:54<00:04,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1251/2846529 [06:55<262:11:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1251/2846529 [06:55<262:11:54,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rainy', 'stop', 'a striped pattern', 'in golden, arizona']
questions ['What type of weather is this?', 'What should someone do when the light on these items is green?', 'What style of wallpaper is used on these walls?', 'Where was this taken?'] predictions ['rainy', 'stop', 'a striped pattern', 'in golden, arizona'] gold_answers ['sunny', 'go', 'striped', 'colorado']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1250/1262 [06:54<00:03,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1250/1262 [06:54<00:03,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1252/2846529 [06:55<262:12:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1252/2846529 [06:55<262:12:50,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the phillies', 'cold', 'he is playing tennis', 'in a zoo']
questions ['What professional team has won the most championships in the sport being played here?', 'In what kind of climate are animals like the one shown originated?', 'Is this tennis player playing tennis or just being dramatic?', 'Where would you find the animal in the background in the wild?'] predictions ['the phillies', 'cold', 'he is playing tennis', 'in a zoo'] gold_answers ['yankees', 'tropical', 'play', 'africa']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1251/1262 [06:55<00:03,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1251/1262 [06:55<00:03,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1253/2846529 [06:55<262:13:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1253/2846529 [06:55<262:13:37,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the pins', 'italy', 'tern', 'one']
questions ['What is this woman going to hit with the ball?', 'What country created this food?', 'What type of bird is this?', 'How many offspring do these animals typically bare?'] predictions ['the pins', 'italy', 'tern', 'one'] gold_answers ['pin', 'italy', 'seagull', '5']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1252/1262 [06:55<00:03,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1252/1262 [06:55<00:03,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1254/2846529 [06:55<262:10:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1254/2846529 [06:55<262:10:21,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['berries', 'breakfast', 'the united states', 'beagle']
questions ['What kind of food might this bird eat?', 'What type of cuisine is this?', 'What country is this bus from?', 'What breed of dog is shown?'] predictions ['berries', 'breakfast', 'the united states', 'beagle'] gold_answers ['rodent', 'breakfast', 'england', 'beagle']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1253/1262 [06:55<00:02,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1253/1262 [06:55<00:02,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1255/2846529 [06:56<262:07:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1255/2846529 [06:56<262:07:06,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cattle', 'plastic', 'egypt', 'baseball stadium']
questions ['Besides the name of a street this is also the name of a breed of what ranch animal?', 'Name the material used to make these umbrella shown in this picture?', 'What country did this animal originate from?', 'In what kind of stadium is this sport played?'] predictions ['cattle', 'plastic', 'egypt', 'baseball stadium'] gold_answers ['horse', 'paper', 'africa', 'baseball']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1254/1262 [06:55<00:02,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1254/1262 [06:55<00:02,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1256/2846529 [06:56<262:07:01,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1256/2846529 [06:56<262:07:01,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a paper that is made of clay', 'a tibetan robe', 'devoir', 'a market']
questions ['Can you guess what type paper is used for printing this paper?', 'What is the outfit this man is wearing called?', 'Where does the word shown here come from?', 'What kind of building is this?'] predictions ['a paper that is made of clay', 'a tibetan robe', 'devoir', 'a market'] gold_answers ['papyrus', 'robe', 'france', 'market']

Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1255/1262 [06:56<00:02,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1255/1262 [06:56<00:02,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1257/2846529 [06:56<262:11:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1257/2846529 [06:56<262:11:10,  3.01it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catcher', 'metal', 'french fries', 'a puppy']
questions ['What position is behind the batter?', 'What is this object mad out of?', 'What is made from potatoes?', 'Based on the photo estimate the age of the dog?'] predictions ['catcher', 'metal', 'french fries', 'a puppy'] gold_answers ['catcher', 'metal', 'fry', '5']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1256/1262 [06:56<00:01,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1256/1262 [06:56<00:01,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1258/2846529 [06:57<262:07:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1258/2846529 [06:57<262:07:57,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a cherry tree', 'meal', 'asian elephant', 'a miniature horse']
questions ['What is the name of the flowering tree?', 'Is this a snack or meal?', 'What species of elephant is this?', 'What breed of horse is this?'] predictions ['a cherry tree', 'meal', 'asian elephant', 'a miniature horse'] gold_answers ['cherry blossom', 'meal', 'indian', 'clydesdale']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1257/1262 [06:56<00:01,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1257/1262 [06:56<00:01,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1259/2846529 [06:57<262:05:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1259/2846529 [06:57<262:05:43,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pickup truck', 'a pheasant', 'a vegetarian', 'foothill']
questions ['What is this kind of truck called?', 'What kind of bird is pictured here?', 'A person who only eats these is called what?', 'Is this a mountain or foothill?'] predictions ['pickup truck', 'a pheasant', 'a vegetarian', 'foothill'] gold_answers ['pickup', 'peacock', 'vegetarian', 'mountain']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1258/1262 [06:57<00:01,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1258/1262 [06:57<00:01,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1260/2846529 [06:57<262:07:39,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1260/2846529 [06:57<262:07:39,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['skateboard park', 'computer keyboards', 'vitamins', 'signature']
questions ['What type of park is this?', 'The two colorful keyboard shaped objects are used for what?', 'What are these products a good source of?', 'If you ask someone to put their name on a piece of paper for your personal pleasure you are asking for their what?'] predictions ['skateboard park', 'computer keyboards', 'vitamins', 'signature'] gold_answers ['skate park', 'type', 'nutrient', 'autograph']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1259/1262 [06:57<00:00,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1259/1262 [06:57<00:00,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1261/2846529 [06:58<262:04:25,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1261/2846529 [06:58<262:04:25,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['snow', 'Italy', 'zoo', 'cauliflower and broccoli']
questions ['What conditions are necessary for this sport?', 'Which country might the liquid on the far left have originated in?', 'Name the place shown in this picture?', 'What types of food are these items?'] predictions ['snow', 'Italy', 'zoo', 'cauliflower and broccoli'] gold_answers ['snow', 'france', 'zoo', 'vegetable']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1260/1262 [06:57<00:00,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1260/1262 [06:57<00:00,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1262/2846529 [06:58<262:02:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1262/2846529 [06:58<262:02:12,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bob', 'tennis racket', 'plaid', 'in a zoo']
questions ['What is the name of the hairstyle of the lady depicted in the picture?', 'What piece of athletic equipment is in the athletes hand?', 'The pattern of this green shirt is called a what?', 'Where would you find this animal in the wild?'] predictions ['bob', 'tennis racket', 'plaid', 'in a zoo'] gold_answers ['bang', 'racket', 'plaid', 'africa']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1261/1262 [06:58<00:00,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1261/1262 [06:58<00:00,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1263/2846529 [06:58<262:03:08,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1263/2846529 [06:58<262:03:08,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wool', 'berries']
questions ['Can you guess what kind of material is used to make this cap?', 'What fruit is typically added to the top of cereal?'] predictions ['wool', 'berries'] gold_answers ['wool', 'banana']

Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 1262/1262 [06:58<00:00,  3.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 1262/1262 [06:58<00:00,  3.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1264/2846529 [06:58<261:57:59,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1264/2846529 [06:58<261:57:59,  3.02it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Loading and preparing results...     
DONE (t=0.02s)
creating index...
index created!
computing accuracy
Finshed Percent: [--------------------] 0% Finshed Percent: [--------------------] 1% Finshed Percent: [#-------------------] 3% Finshed Percent: [#-------------------] 5% Finshed Percent: [##------------------] 7% Finshed Percent: [##------------------] 9% Finshed Percent: [##------------------] 11% Finshed Percent: [###-----------------] 13% Finshed Percent: [###-----------------] 15% Finshed Percent: [####----------------] 17% Finshed Percent: [####----------------] 19% Finshed Percent: [####----------------] 21% Finshed Percent: [#####---------------] 23% Finshed Percent: [#####---------------] 25% Finshed Percent: [######--------------] 27% Finshed Percent: [######--------------] 29% Finshed Percent: [######--------------] 31% Finshed Percent: [#######-------------] 33% Finshed Percent: [#######-------------] 35% Finshed Percent: [########------------] 37% Finshed Percent: [########------------] 39% Finshed Percent: [########------------] 41% Finshed Percent: [#########-----------] 43% Finshed Percent: [#########-----------] 45% Finshed Percent: [##########----------] 47% Finshed Percent: [##########----------] 49% Finshed Percent: [##########----------] 51% Finshed Percent: [###########---------] 53% Finshed Percent: [###########---------] 55% Finshed Percent: [###########---------] 57% Finshed Percent: [############--------] 59% Finshed Percent: [############--------] 61% Finshed Percent: [#############-------] 63% Finshed Percent: [#############-------] 65% Finshed Percent: [#############-------] 67% Finshed Percent: [##############------] 69% Finshed Percent: [##############------] 71% Finshed Percent: [###############-----] 73% Finshed Percent: [###############-----] 75% Finshed Percent: [###############-----] 77% Finshed Percent: [################----] 79% Finshed Percent: [################----] 81% Finshed Percent: [#################---] 83% Finshed Percent: [#################---] 85% Finshed Percent: [#################---] 87% Finshed Percent: [##################--] 89% Finshed Percent: [##################--] 91% Finshed Percent: [###################-] 93% Finshed Percent: [###################-] 95% Finshed Percent: [###################-] 97% Finshed Percent: [####################] 99% Done computing accuracy
Overall Accuracy is: 27.88

Per Question Type Accuracy is the following:
one : 23.86
eight : 29.26
other : 29.18
seven : 28.64
four : 28.92
five : 27.30
three : 28.97
nine : 25.71
ten : 33.02
two : 27.91
six : 26.95


Per Answer Type Accuracy is the following:
other : 27.88


{'test/accuracy_AnswerType_other': 27.88,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_eight': 29.26,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_five': 27.3,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_four': 28.92,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_nine': 25.71,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_one': 23.86,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_other': 29.18,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_seven': 28.64,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_six': 26.95,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_ten': 33.02,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_three': 28.97,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_two': 27.91,
 'test/accuracy_overall': 27.88,
 'test/epoch': 0}
{'retrieval_predictions_epoch0_MODE(train)_SET(TEST)': <wandb.data_types.Table object at 0x7f9185dba6a0>}
Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1264/2846529 [07:00<263:07:01,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]
                                                                            [A['Question: What kind of gas could be used to fill the balloons? Answer:', 'Question: What is the blue item called? Answer:'] ['helium', 'bus stop'] tensor(7.0586, device='cuda:0', dtype=torch.float16,
       grad_fn=<NllLossBackward0>)
Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1265/2846529 [07:01<263:03:49,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1265/2846529 [07:01<263:03:50,  3.00it/s, loss=5.85, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1265/2846529 [07:01<263:03:51,  3.00it/s, loss=6.26, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]['Question: What is this pot made out of? Answer:', 'Question: Where can you buy the item the childern are playing with? Answer:'] ['clay', 'toy store'] tensor(12.2344, device='cuda:0', dtype=torch.float16,
       grad_fn=<NllLossBackward0>)
Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1266/2846529 [07:01<263:00:03,  3.01it/s, loss=6.26, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1266/2846529 [07:01<263:00:04,  3.01it/s, loss=6.26, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1266/2846529 [07:01<263:00:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]
Validation: 0it [00:00, ?it/s][A
Validation:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][Agenerated_text ['racing', 'a plant', 'a teddy bear', 'its back']
questions ['What sport can you use this for?', 'Name the type of plant this is?', 'What toy is this?', 'Which part of this animal would be in use of it was playing the game that is played with the items the man is holding?'] predictions ['racing', 'a plant', 'a teddy bear', 'its back'] gold_answers ['race', 'vine', 'stuffed animal', 'mouth']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:27,  2.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:27,  2.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1267/2846529 [07:01<263:01:33,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1267/2846529 [07:01<263:01:34,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a small bag of food', 'a person who is in the bathroom', 'down', 'island']
questions ['What could this gentleman be carrying in that red bag?', 'Who leaves a toilet like this?', 'Should you leave the toilet seat up like this photo or down?', 'A center affixed unit like this one in a kitchen is called a what?'] predictions ['a small bag of food', 'a person who is in the bathroom', 'down', 'island'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'man', 'down', 'island']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:00<07:44,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:00<07:44,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1268/2846529 [07:02<263:03:15,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1268/2846529 [07:02<263:03:15,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to buy something', 'a flower', 'he is swinging it', 'salt water beach']
questions ['Why might someone go to this place?', 'What does this grow from?', 'What is that man doing with the bat?', 'Is this at a salt water beach or a lake?'] predictions ['to buy something', 'a flower', 'he is swinging it', 'salt water beach'] gold_answers ['shop', 'ground', 'swing', 'salt water beach']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:01<07:21,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:01<07:21,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1269/2846529 [07:02<263:03:05,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1269/2846529 [07:02<263:03:05,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a local artist', 'pickles', 'it is used for work', 'dirt bike']
questions ['Who designed the statues?', 'What is the name of the items the hot dog are topped with?', 'What is this desk used for?', 'What type of bike is on the ground?'] predictions ['a local artist', 'pickles', 'it is used for work', 'dirt bike'] gold_answers ['artist', 'condiment', 'work', 'bicycle']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:01<06:55,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:01<06:55,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1270/2846529 [07:02<263:01:48,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1270/2846529 [07:02<263:01:48,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a passenger plane', 'girl', '1939', 'a barrel']
questions ['What type of plane is that?', 'Is this a room for a boy or girl?', 'In what year was this desert first introduced?', 'What is this surf trick called?'] predictions ['a passenger plane', 'girl', '1939', 'a barrel'] gold_answers ['commercial', 'girl', '1847', 'ride']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:01<06:28,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:01<06:28,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1271/2846529 [07:02<262:59:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1271/2846529 [07:02<262:59:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stealing', 'to use it', 'a ring', 'it is a large truck']
questions ['What do they call running around the bases on a single hit?', 'Why is this plugged in?', 'What is the shape?', 'What is the horsepower of the truck pulling the load?'] predictions ['stealing', 'to use it', 'a ring', 'it is a large truck'] gold_answers ['homerun', 'charge', 'circle', '510']

Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:01<06:36,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:01<06:36,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1272/2846529 [07:03<262:59:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1272/2846529 [07:03<262:59:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cross country skiing', 'a wetsuit', 'a surfboard', 'leather']
questions ['What kind of skiing is this person engaged in?', 'What is the person in the photo wearing?', 'What is the name of the board he is on?', 'Name the material used to make this car seat shown in this picture?'] predictions ['cross country skiing', 'a wetsuit', 'a surfboard', 'leather'] gold_answers ['cross country', 'wetsuit', 'surf board', 'cloth']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:02<06:28,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:02<06:28,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1273/2846529 [07:03<262:58:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1273/2846529 [07:03<262:58:02,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the mouth', 'it is a chocolate pastry', 'vases', 'england']
questions ['What part of the face is the toothbrush in?', 'What flavor is this pastry?', 'What kind of container are the flowers in?', 'What country does this appear to be?'] predictions ['the mouth', 'it is a chocolate pastry', 'vases', 'england'] gold_answers ['mouth', 'blueberry', 'vase', 'scotland']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:02<06:34,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:02<06:34,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1274/2846529 [07:03<262:57:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1274/2846529 [07:03<262:57:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['soup', 'they eat it', 'no', 'quilt']
questions ['Which of the foods in the picture is best for you to eat when you have a cold?', 'What do teenage pranksters do to this animal?', 'How many watts is that microwave?', 'What is this type of blanket called?'] predictions ['soup', 'they eat it', 'no', 'quilt'] gold_answers ['soup', 'tip', '800', 'quilt']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:02<06:16,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:02<06:16,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1275/2846529 [07:04<262:55:25,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1275/2846529 [07:04<262:55:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['venezuela', 'a burger joint', 'a bus', 'claret']
questions ['What south american country usually has this climate?', 'What american restaurant features an open kitchen with visible cooking area such as this?', 'What other big vehicle is often painted about the same shade as this vehicle?', 'What brand is this wine?'] predictions ['venezuela', 'a burger joint', 'a bus', 'claret'] gold_answers ['brazil', 'diner', 'firetruck', 'becker vineyard']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:03<06:14,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:03<06:14,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1276/2846529 [07:04<262:54:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1276/2846529 [07:04<262:54:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they would be broken', 'a suit by ralph lauren', 'in a photo shop', 'sushi']
questions ['What would happen if these items fall to the ground?', 'What brand of suit is the man in the image wearing?', 'Where might i buy a print that resembles this photo?', 'What are the rolled black food items called?'] predictions ['they would be broken', 'a suit by ralph lauren', 'in a photo shop', 'sushi'] gold_answers ['shatter', 'brook brother', 'gallery', 'sushi']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:03<07:16,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:03<07:16,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1277/2846529 [07:04<262:58:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1277/2846529 [07:04<262:58:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a blue and yellow bird', 'They are laughing', 'it is not fast', 'cowboy hat']
questions ['What type of bird is this?', 'How can you tell that the people are not upset?', 'How fast is the vehicle pictured capable of reaching?', 'Name the type of hat the man is wearing?'] predictions ['a blue and yellow bird', 'They are laughing', 'it is not fast', 'cowboy hat'] gold_answers ['blue jay', 'smile', '100 mph', 'sombrero']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:03<07:07,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:03<07:07,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1278/2846529 [07:05<262:58:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1278/2846529 [07:05<262:58:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the sates of california', 'good', 'cement mixing', 'a wooden platform']
questions ['What sates are these grown in?', 'How does the bread taste?', 'What is this type of mack truck used for?', 'What type of platform should this vehicle be on?'] predictions ['in the sates of california', 'good', 'cement mixing', 'a wooden platform'] gold_answers ['california', 'good', 'cement', 'track']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:04<08:02,  2.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:04<08:02,  2.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1279/2846529 [07:05<263:04:23,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1279/2846529 [07:05<263:04:23,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a double exposure', 'a gazebo', 'she can eat it', 'professional player']
questions ['What is the term for the effect used in this photo?', 'What is the small white outdoor house like building called?', 'What can the woman do with this toy?', 'Is this boy a professional player or still in high school?'] predictions ['a double exposure', 'a gazebo', 'she can eat it', 'professional player'] gold_answers ['fisheye', 'gazebo', 'throw it', 'high school']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:04<07:28,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:04<07:28,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1280/2846529 [07:06<263:03:04,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1280/2846529 [07:06<263:03:04,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['carpet', 'commercial kitchen', 'a baseball helmet', 'chuck taylor']
questions ['What is the decorative fabric on the floor called?', 'Is this in a home kitchen or commercial kitchen?', 'Which type of helmet is used by the sport person shown in this picture?', 'Which brand of slipper is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['carpet', 'commercial kitchen', 'a baseball helmet', 'chuck taylor'] gold_answers ['rug', 'commercial', 'bat helmet', 'birkenstock']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:05<07:24,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:05<07:24,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1281/2846529 [07:06<263:03:42,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1281/2846529 [07:06<263:03:42,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chris eisner', 'it is lunch', 'high end', 'john lennon']
questions ['Who directed the 2012 movie shown on the television in the picture?', 'What time of day is it?', 'Is this bathroom high or low end?', 'Name one famous person whom also has a black and white one of these?'] predictions ['chris eisner', 'it is lunch', 'high end', 'john lennon'] gold_answers ['joss whedon', 'noon', 'high', 'taylor swift']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:05<07:32,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:05<07:32,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1282/2846529 [07:06<263:05:23,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1282/2846529 [07:06<263:05:24,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sink', 'horns', 'aer lincoln', '1886']
questions ['Which item in this room is usually to wash hands?', 'What are the white objects on this animals head called?', 'Which airline has this insignia?', 'When was the cola brand on the signs founded?'] predictions ['sink', 'horns', 'aer lincoln', '1886'] gold_answers ['sink', 'horn', 'kuwait airway', '1892']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:05<07:39,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:05<07:39,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1283/2846529 [07:07<263:07:11,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1283/2846529 [07:07<263:07:11,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a top hat', 'mickey mouse', 'guava', 'cross country skiing']
questions ['What type of hat is this gentleman wearing?', 'What character does this clock look like?', 'What fruit comes from these trees?', 'What type of skiing is being done here?'] predictions ['a top hat', 'mickey mouse', 'guava', 'cross country skiing'] gold_answers ['top', 'mickey mouse', 'coconut', 'cross country']

Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:06<07:12,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:06<07:12,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1284/2846529 [07:07<263:05:51,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1284/2846529 [07:07<263:05:52,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['its long neck', 'mammals', 'it will be covered in snow', 'they are tall']
questions ['What is this animal famously known for?', 'Are these animals mammals or insects?', 'If it gets cold enough what will happen to the area being stepped over?', 'How tall do these animals get?'] predictions ['its long neck', 'mammals', 'it will be covered in snow', 'they are tall'] gold_answers ['long neck', 'mammal', 'freeze', '20 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:06<07:04,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:06<07:04,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1285/2846529 [07:07<263:05:39,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1285/2846529 [07:07<263:05:40,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['striped', 'veggie', 'because they are the most nutritious', 'fear']
questions ['What is the breed of this cat?', 'Is this fruit or veggies?', 'Why so many green vegetables?', 'What unpleasant emotional state does this weather phenomenon often cause?'] predictions ['striped', 'veggie', 'because they are the most nutritious', 'fear'] gold_answers ['tabbie', 'veggies', 'healthy', 'depression']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:06<06:58,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:06<06:58,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1286/2846529 [07:08<263:05:28,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1286/2846529 [07:08<263:05:28,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a microwave oven', 'to sail', 'a napkin', 'it is moving a package']
questions ['What kind of oven is on the table?', 'How do people use this?', 'What small cloth is used to wipe the face or eating this meal?', 'What is this truck moving?'] predictions ['a microwave oven', 'to sail', 'a napkin', 'it is moving a package'] gold_answers ['toaster', 'sail', 'napkin', 'furniture']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 21/1262 [00:07<06:55,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 21/1262 [00:07<06:55,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1287/2846529 [07:08<263:05:18,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1287/2846529 [07:08<263:05:18,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['full moon', 'deer', 'dressage', 'a blanket']
questions ['Which phase is that moon in?', 'What kind of animal is clearly displayed on the cover of this bed?', 'What is a type of horseback sport?', 'What item might be used to warm this item of furniture?'] predictions ['full moon', 'deer', 'dressage', 'a blanket'] gold_answers ['half', 'deer', 'polo', 'electric blanket']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 22/1262 [00:07<06:21,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 22/1262 [00:07<06:21,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1288/2846529 [07:08<263:02:03,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1288/2846529 [07:08<263:02:04,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['helium', 'public', 'a few', 'the water']
questions ['What fills the balloons?', 'Would this article of furniture typically be for public or private use?', 'How many passengers can this plane accomodate?', 'What knocked the guy off his chair?'] predictions ['helium', 'public', 'a few', 'the water'] gold_answers ['helium', 'public', '15', 'wave']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 23/1262 [00:07<05:57,  3.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 23/1262 [00:07<05:57,  3.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1289/2846529 [07:08<262:58:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1289/2846529 [07:08<262:58:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to advertise for a company', 'to decorate a field', 'Two dogs are laying on a bed', 'oneworld']
questions ['What is the purpose of the logos on this truck?', 'What is the purpose of these objects?', 'What happens here?', 'What company is this plane flying for?'] predictions ['to advertise for a company', 'to decorate a field', 'Two dogs are laying on a bed', 'oneworld'] gold_answers ['identification', 'art', 'sleep', '1 world']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 24/1262 [00:08<06:41,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 24/1262 [00:08<06:41,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1290/2846529 [07:09<263:01:33,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1290/2846529 [07:09<263:01:33,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['red curtains', 'a cow', 'turn the switch on the side of the bike', 'tall']
questions ['Name the type of curtains shown in this picture?', 'What animal does the meat on the pizza come from?', 'How do you turn this on?', 'How tall is this animal usually?'] predictions ['red curtains', 'a cow', 'turn the switch on the side of the bike', 'tall'] gold_answers ['drape', 'pig', 'key', '20 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 25/1262 [00:08<07:12,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 25/1262 [00:08<07:12,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1291/2846529 [07:09<263:04:17,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1291/2846529 [07:09<263:04:18,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'a pair of blue jeans', 'nocturnal', 'a tail']
questions ['How much tomato sauce is in this dish?', 'What brand of blue jeans is the skateboarder wearing?', 'Is this bird diurnal or nocturnal?', 'What is the white cloud behind the jet called?'] predictions ['a lot', 'a pair of blue jeans', 'nocturnal', 'a tail'] gold_answers ['2 cups', 'van', 'nocturnal', 'contrail']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 26/1262 [00:08<07:02,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 26/1262 [00:08<07:02,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1292/2846529 [07:10<263:03:57,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1292/2846529 [07:10<263:03:58,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is not heavy', 'a pizza place', 'a chihuahua', 'keyboard']
questions ['How heavy is this object?', 'What restaraunt is this at?', 'What breed of dog is this?', 'What musical instrument is this man playing?'] predictions ['it is not heavy', 'a pizza place', 'a chihuahua', 'keyboard'] gold_answers ['100 lbs', 'pizzaria', 'chihuahua', 'piano']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 27/1262 [00:09<07:35,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 27/1262 [00:09<07:35,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1293/2846529 [07:10<263:07:38,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1293/2846529 [07:10<263:07:38,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['people', 'a dog', 'pancakes', 'pancakes']
questions ['Does this type of train transport people or cargo?', 'What kind of dog is this?', 'What is the name of this dish?', 'What are these cakes called?'] predictions ['people', 'a dog', 'pancakes', 'pancakes'] gold_answers ['cargo', 'lab', 'pancake', 'pancake']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 28/1262 [00:09<06:48,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 28/1262 [00:09<06:48,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1294/2846529 [07:10<263:04:25,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1294/2846529 [07:10<263:04:25,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['easter', 'aphids', 'a street sign', 'herd']
questions ['On what holiday do people traditionally eat this bird?', 'What do these animals generally eat?', 'What could a person use this for?', 'What is a group of these animals called?'] predictions ['easter', 'aphids', 'a street sign', 'herd'] gold_answers ['thanksgiving', 'mice', 'direct', 'herd']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 29/1262 [00:09<06:36,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 29/1262 [00:09<06:36,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1295/2846529 [07:11<263:03:06,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1295/2846529 [07:11<263:03:06,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['"surfing the waves"', 'a knife', 'in a market', 'about a year']
questions ['What toe related phrase is most commonly associated with this sport?', 'What is the type of blade being used in this photo?', 'Where are fruits like this best found?', 'How long does this animal usually live?'] predictions ['"surfing the waves"', 'a knife', 'in a market', 'about a year'] gold_answers ['hang 10', 'serrated', 'south america', '10 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 30/1262 [00:10<06:48,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 30/1262 [00:10<06:48,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1296/2846529 [07:11<263:03:50,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1296/2846529 [07:11<263:03:51,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a runner', 'claws', 'a concert', 'tractors']
questions ['People that pledge to give per mile monies for those participating in these types of events are called what?', 'What retractable appendage could this animal use to destroy the chair?', 'What event is this?', 'What other item is this company famous for manufacturing?'] predictions ['a runner', 'claws', 'a concert', 'tractors'] gold_answers ['sponsor', 'claw', 'concert', 'tractor']

Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 31/1262 [00:10<06:24,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 31/1262 [00:10<06:24,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1297/2846529 [07:11<263:01:32,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1297/2846529 [07:11<263:01:32,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a stop sign', 'to protect their young', 'library', 'until he is done']
questions ['What is the arrow indicating?', 'Why would animals do this?', 'What area of a school might this be?', 'For how long should the man in this picture continue to brush his teeth?'] predictions ['a stop sign', 'to protect their young', 'library', 'until he is done'] gold_answers ['1 way', 'mate', 'library', '5 minutes']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 32/1262 [00:10<06:19,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 32/1262 [00:10<06:19,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1298/2846529 [07:11<263:00:14,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1298/2846529 [07:11<263:00:14,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lark', 'you would wear a t-shirt and shorts', 'uber', 'a flood']
questions ['What kind of bird is this?', 'How would you dress for this setting?', 'What new company has created competition for this type of transportation?', 'What weather phenomenon most likely happened?'] predictions ['a lark', 'you would wear a t-shirt and shorts', 'uber', 'a flood'] gold_answers ['myna', 'short', 'uber', 'flood']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 33/1262 [00:11<07:24,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 33/1262 [00:11<07:24,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1299/2846529 [07:12<263:05:51,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1299/2846529 [07:12<263:05:51,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a few hundred', 'a toilet', 'skate park', 'triumph']
questions ['How many calories is in a food like this?', 'What single verb can be used to describe the action in this photo?', 'What kind of park is this picture taken in?', 'Who is the motorcycle manufacture?'] predictions ['a few hundred', 'a toilet', 'skate park', 'triumph'] gold_answers ['400', 'flush', 'skatepark', 'kawasaki']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 34/1262 [00:11<06:51,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 34/1262 [00:11<06:51,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1300/2846529 [07:12<263:03:37,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1300/2846529 [07:12<263:03:38,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a plastic rabbit', 'steaming', 'a fork', 'a doughnut making process']
questions ['What kind of shakers are on the table?', 'What low calorie way of cooking the green vegetables involves heating them over hot water?', 'What kind of serving utensil is used to serve this pizza?', 'What type of process is occurring here?'] predictions ['a plastic rabbit', 'steaming', 'a fork', 'a doughnut making process'] gold_answers ['salt and pepper', 'steam', 'spatula', 'make donuts']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 35/1262 [00:11<06:47,  3.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 35/1262 [00:11<06:47,  3.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1301/2846529 [07:13<263:03:24,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1301/2846529 [07:13<263:03:24,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the seine', 'legal', 'in a florist', 'a mooring buoy']
questions ['What waterway is this boat on?', 'Is this illegal or legal?', 'Where can i buy flowers like these?', 'What do you call the device that keeps boats in place at sea?'] predictions ['the seine', 'legal', 'in a florist', 'a mooring buoy'] gold_answers ['canal', 'legal', 'florist', 'anchor']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 36/1262 [00:12<06:45,  3.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 36/1262 [00:12<06:45,  3.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1302/2846529 [07:13<263:03:12,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1302/2846529 [07:13<263:03:12,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seagulls', 'podium', 'suits', 'tempered glass']
questions ['What kind of bird are they?', 'This man is speaking into a?', 'What type of clothing are the men wearing?', 'What kind of glass is used to make that shower enclosure?'] predictions ['seagulls', 'podium', 'suits', 'tempered glass'] gold_answers ['seagull', 'microphone', 'suit', 'tempered']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 37/1262 [00:12<06:23,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 37/1262 [00:12<06:23,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1303/2846529 [07:13<263:00:55,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1303/2846529 [07:13<263:00:56,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a pedestal sink', 'meat', 'a piano', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ['What is this kind of sink called?', 'What is brown on the plate?', 'What type of music is this child playing?', 'Who invented the headgear worn here?'] predictions ['a pedestal sink', 'meat', 'a piano', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['basin', 'steak', 'piano', 'gottlieb daimler']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 38/1262 [00:12<07:08,  2.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 38/1262 [00:12<07:08,  2.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1304/2846529 [07:14<263:04:44,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1304/2846529 [07:14<263:04:44,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wetsuits', 'rugby', 'horse racing', 'plumber']
questions ['What material are those suits made out of?', 'What sport is this?', 'What sport is this?', 'What type of person would you call if this happened in your house?'] predictions ['wetsuits', 'rugby', 'horse racing', 'plumber'] gold_answers ['neoprene', 'rugby', 'horse race', 'plumber']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 39/1262 [00:13<06:39,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 39/1262 [00:13<06:39,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1305/2846529 [07:14<263:02:31,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1305/2846529 [07:14<263:02:31,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the beach', 'toasted', 'buddhism', 'oranges']
questions ['Is this the beach or sahara?', 'What type of bread is on this sandwhich?', 'What religion does the statue belone to?', 'What type of food is this?'] predictions ['the beach', 'toasted', 'buddhism', 'oranges'] gold_answers ['sahara', 'rye', 'buddhism', 'orange']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 40/1262 [00:13<06:29,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 40/1262 [00:13<06:29,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1306/2846529 [07:14<263:01:17,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1306/2846529 [07:14<263:01:17,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['siamese cat', 'shanghai', 'omnivore', 'peanut butter']
questions ['What kind of cat is this and what are some depictions of this breed of cat in fiction?', 'In what city is the restaurant the man in the green hat is eating at?', 'Is this animal a carnivore herbivore or omnivore?', 'What ingredient is missing from the picture to make a pb and j sandwich?'] predictions ['siamese cat', 'shanghai', 'omnivore', 'peanut butter'] gold_answers ['siamese', 'miami', 'carnivore', 'jelly']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 41/1262 [00:13<06:29,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 41/1262 [00:13<06:29,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1307/2846529 [07:14<263:00:47,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1307/2846529 [07:14<263:00:48,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['bright', 'a ski slope', 'electric', 'ski poles and skis']
questions ['What is the lighing like?', 'What kind of slope is pictured here?', 'What source of energy does this vehicle use?', 'What are the two items that this athlete has in either hand?'] predictions ['bright', 'a ski slope', 'electric', 'ski poles and skis'] gold_answers ['dim', 'ski', 'gasoline', 'ski pole']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 42/1262 [00:13<06:31,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 42/1262 [00:13<06:31,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1308/2846529 [07:15<263:00:35,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1308/2846529 [07:15<263:00:35,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a bike', 'frisbees', 'make a tahini sauce and add the meatballs', 'he could be working on a traffic light']
questions ['What is the rack on the bus used for?', 'What is this woman playing with?', 'How do you make this dish?', 'What could this guy be doing?'] predictions ['a bike', 'frisbees', 'make a tahini sauce and add the meatballs', 'he could be working on a traffic light'] gold_answers ['bike', 'frisbee', 'cook it', 'fix traffic light']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 43/1262 [00:14<08:04,  2.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 43/1262 [00:14<08:04,  2.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1309/2846529 [07:15<263:09:21,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1309/2846529 [07:15<263:09:22,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a garden', 'vitamin c', 'peas', 'barack obama']
questions ['Where were these vegetables grown?', 'The food in the photo contains which healthy vitamins?', 'What topping are on the hotdog?', "Which political figure is being referenced on the child's shirt?"] predictions ['in a garden', 'vitamin c', 'peas', 'barack obama'] gold_answers ['garden', 'calcium', 'ketchup and pea', 'obama']

Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 44/1262 [00:14<07:47,  2.60it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 44/1262 [00:14<07:47,  2.60it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1310/2846529 [07:16<263:10:03,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1310/2846529 [07:16<263:10:03,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brick', 'wallpaper', 'it is medium rare', 'a bird of prey']
questions ['What is this fireplace made of?', 'The picture on the laptop is called a what?', 'How well done is this steak cooked?', 'What type of bird is this?'] predictions ['brick', 'wallpaper', 'it is medium rare', 'a bird of prey'] gold_answers ['brick', 'background', 'medium rare', 'cardinal']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 45/1262 [00:15<07:26,  2.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 45/1262 [00:15<07:26,  2.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1311/2846529 [07:16<263:09:48,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1311/2846529 [07:16<263:09:49,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['alcoholic beverages', 'yes sign', 'north america', 'a helmet']
questions ['What beverages are pictured in this phot?', 'What kind of sign is this?', 'What continent s is are this bird found on?', 'What is needed to use this vehicle?'] predictions ['alcoholic beverages', 'yes sign', 'north america', 'a helmet'] gold_answers ['juice', 'political', 'north america', 'gasoline']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 46/1262 [00:15<06:40,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 46/1262 [00:15<06:40,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1312/2846529 [07:16<263:06:34,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1312/2846529 [07:16<263:06:34,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chihuahua', 'third base', 'wolf tooth', 'the sun']
questions ['What breed are these two dogs?', 'What base is this guy on?', 'What tooth is named after this type of animal?', 'What celestial body controls the movements of the body of water featured in this photo?'] predictions ['chihuahua', 'third base', 'wolf tooth', 'the sun'] gold_answers ['chihuahua', 'second', 'canine', 'moon']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 47/1262 [00:15<06:59,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 47/1262 [00:15<06:59,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1313/2846529 [07:17<263:08:17,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1313/2846529 [07:17<263:08:18,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pedestrians', 'luggage', 'they get big', 'skateboard race']
questions ['What are the white lines marked for?', 'What are these peole pulling?', 'How big do these animals get?', 'What kind of race is this?'] predictions ['pedestrians', 'luggage', 'they get big', 'skateboard race'] gold_answers ['crosswalk', 'luggage', '5 feet', 'marathon']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 48/1262 [00:16<06:21,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 48/1262 [00:16<06:21,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1314/2846529 [07:17<263:05:02,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1314/2846529 [07:17<263:05:02,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is too heavy to be weighed', 'young', 'a british stallion', 'ambient']
questions ['What might be the weight of this luggage?', 'Was the person old or young?', 'What breed of horse is that?', 'Is the light ambient or natural?'] predictions ['it is too heavy to be weighed', 'young', 'a british stallion', 'ambient'] gold_answers ['30.7 lbs', 'old', 'mustang', 'natural']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 49/1262 [00:16<06:55,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 49/1262 [00:16<06:55,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1315/2846529 [07:17<263:07:45,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1315/2846529 [07:17<263:07:45,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mushrooms', 'suits', 'metal', 'the ocean']
questions ['What black veggie is on this pizza?', 'The people in this photo are wearing what outfits which can be considered business formal?', 'What is this bench made out of?', 'What causes these waves?'] predictions ['mushrooms', 'suits', 'metal', 'the ocean'] gold_answers ['olives', 'suit', 'wood', 'tide']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 50/1262 [00:16<06:09,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 50/1262 [00:16<06:09,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1316/2846529 [07:18<263:03:34,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1316/2846529 [07:18<263:03:34,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a window', 'towel rack', 'microwave', 'badminton']
questions ['What could make this room brighter?', "What is the name of that device that's holding the towels?", 'What small appliance is that stuffed animal inside?', 'What sport is this kind of racquet used to play?'] predictions ['a window', 'towel rack', 'microwave', 'badminton'] gold_answers ['open curtain', 'towel rack', 'microwave', 'badminton']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 51/1262 [00:16<05:56,  3.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 51/1262 [00:16<05:56,  3.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1317/2846529 [07:18<263:01:20,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1317/2846529 [07:18<263:01:20,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it can go very fast', 'wind turbines', 'mouse', '1870']
questions ['How fast can the vehicle in the foreground go?', 'What items are spinning in the background which can be used to control electricity?', 'What object is synonymous with a rodent in this image?', 'When was this item first invented?'] predictions ['it can go very fast', 'wind turbines', 'mouse', '1870'] gold_answers ['60 mph', 'wind turbine', 'mouse', '1804']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 52/1262 [00:17<05:57,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 52/1262 [00:17<05:57,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1318/2846529 [07:18<263:00:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1318/2846529 [07:18<263:00:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['acer', 'freight', 'a small plane', 'the bus is a rickshaw']
questions ['What brand is the black laptop?', 'What type of train is that freight or passenger?', 'What kind of plane is this?', 'What do the triangles on the back of this bus mean?'] predictions ['acer', 'freight', 'a small plane', 'the bus is a rickshaw'] gold_answers ['acer', 'freight', 'prop', 'caution']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 53/1262 [00:17<06:28,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 53/1262 [00:17<06:28,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1319/2846529 [07:18<263:01:47,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1319/2846529 [07:18<263:01:48,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['san francisco', 'freeway', 'mario', 'smelling']
questions ['This type of bus can be found in what popular city?', 'What is a common term for the type of roadway the truck is entering?', "What is the cartoon character's name who is wearing the red hat?", 'What sense is this animal known for?'] predictions ['san francisco', 'freeway', 'mario', 'smelling'] gold_answers ['san francisco', 'freeway', 'mario', 'smell']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 54/1262 [00:18<06:29,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 54/1262 [00:18<06:29,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1320/2846529 [07:19<263:01:32,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1320/2846529 [07:19<263:01:32,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tennis racket', 'bamboo', 'at a train station', 'a clogged drain']
questions ["What is in the woman's hand?", 'If this chair where outside it might be made from what reed like material?', 'Where does this vehicle stop?', 'What causes the staining to occur?'] predictions ['a tennis racket', 'bamboo', 'at a train station', 'a clogged drain'] gold_answers ['racket', 'rattan', 'train station', 'rust']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 55/1262 [00:18<06:30,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 55/1262 [00:18<06:30,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1321/2846529 [07:19<263:01:16,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1321/2846529 [07:19<263:01:16,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['caffeine helps with concentration', 'regular footed', 'cotton', 'ferns']
questions ['What are the benefits of drinking coffee?', 'Is this surfer regular footed or goofy footed?', 'What is used to stuff those pillows?', 'What are those wide leaved plants next to the bench called?'] predictions ['caffeine helps with concentration', 'regular footed', 'cotton', 'ferns'] gold_answers ['energy', 'regular', 'feather', 'elephant ear']

Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 56/1262 [00:18<06:11,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 56/1262 [00:18<06:11,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1322/2846529 [07:19<262:59:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1322/2846529 [07:19<262:59:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['legal', 'a lego house', 'about 300', 'violin']
questions ['Is this a legal or illegal fire hydrant color?', 'What object is this?', 'How many calories does this meal contain?', 'What kind of instrument is on the refrigerator?'] predictions ['legal', 'a lego house', 'about 300', 'violin'] gold_answers ['legal', 'legos', '950', 'violin']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 57/1262 [00:18<06:07,  3.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 57/1262 [00:18<06:07,  3.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1323/2846529 [07:20<262:57:48,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1323/2846529 [07:20<262:57:48,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rainbow cake', 'The bathroom has a view of the city', 'john taylor', 'in 1996']
questions ['What type of cake is this?', 'How do we know that this bathroom is probably in a high rise building?', 'Who invented the sports equipment being used here?', 'When was this gaming system first released?'] predictions ['rainbow cake', 'The bathroom has a view of the city', 'john taylor', 'in 1996'] gold_answers ['rainbow', 'view', 'tom sim', '1977']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 58/1262 [00:19<06:44,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 58/1262 [00:19<06:44,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1324/2846529 [07:20<263:00:31,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1324/2846529 [07:20<263:00:32,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a carnival', 'old fashioned car', 'j.k. rowling', 'a bike race']
questions ['Where is this?', 'What type of car is this?', 'Who wrote the famous novels about the young wizard named on this bus?', 'What type of race would these kids compete in?'] predictions ['in a carnival', 'old fashioned car', 'j.k. rowling', 'a bike race'] gold_answers ['ghana', 'old', 'rowling', 'bike']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 59/1262 [00:19<06:50,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 59/1262 [00:19<06:50,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1325/2846529 [07:20<263:01:14,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1325/2846529 [07:20<263:01:15,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['samsung', 'rough', 'wood', 'tequila']
questions ['What brand is this device?', 'Is the ocean calm or rough in this scene?', 'What is the board made of?', 'Can you guess the drink brand name shown in this picture?'] predictions ['samsung', 'rough', 'wood', 'tequila'] gold_answers ['samsung', 'rough', 'polyurethane', 'jack daniels']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 60/1262 [00:19<06:34,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 60/1262 [00:19<06:34,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1326/2846529 [07:21<263:00:00,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1326/2846529 [07:21<263:00:00,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a candle', 'turkish', 'a swan', 'a tuck knot']
questions ['What is in every drawer?', 'What language is that sign in?', 'What animal is this boat mimicing?', 'What is the name of the knot used on this tie?'] predictions ['a candle', 'turkish', 'a swan', 'a tuck knot'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'russian', 'duck', 'windsor']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 61/1262 [00:20<06:33,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 61/1262 [00:20<06:33,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1327/2846529 [07:21<262:59:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1327/2846529 [07:21<262:59:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dollar', 'tropical', 'He jumped', 'six']
questions ['What type of currency is mainly accepted by this item?', 'What climate would contain a lake like this?', 'How did this man get in the air?', 'How many teeth does this animal use to have?'] predictions ['dollar', 'tropical', 'He jumped', 'six'] gold_answers ['coin', 'temperate', 'jumped', '26']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 62/1262 [00:20<06:02,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 62/1262 [00:20<06:02,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1328/2846529 [07:21<262:56:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1328/2846529 [07:21<262:56:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['seagulls', 'two dogs', 'clock towers', 'zebra']
questions ['What birds are those?', 'What kinds of dogs are those?', 'What types of buildings have these?', 'What is the scientific name for this group of animals?'] predictions ['seagulls', 'two dogs', 'clock towers', 'zebra'] gold_answers ['seagull', 'chihuahua', 'tower', 'equus quagga']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 63/1262 [00:20<05:52,  3.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 63/1262 [00:20<05:52,  3.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1329/2846529 [07:22<262:54:25,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1329/2846529 [07:22<262:54:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a baseball cap', 'stone', 'a wolf', 'to wipe the sink']
questions ['What kind of hat is the person in orange shorts wearing?', 'What is the walls in this photo made from?', "What animal is the woman's shirt replicating the pelt?", 'What is the purpose of the red rag?'] predictions ['a baseball cap', 'stone', 'a wolf', 'to wipe the sink'] gold_answers ['visor', 'rock', 'zebra', 'clean']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 64/1262 [00:21<05:44,  3.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 64/1262 [00:21<05:44,  3.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1330/2846529 [07:22<262:52:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1330/2846529 [07:22<262:52:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['its trunk', 'gymnastics', 'a racquet grip', 'dollar bills']
questions ['What is this animal known for?', 'What other professional sport is famous for requiring leaps such as that seen here?', 'What grip does this woman have on this tennis racket?', 'What type of american currency would you stick in the machine?'] predictions ['its trunk', 'gymnastics', 'a racquet grip', 'dollar bills'] gold_answers ['trunk', 'basketball', 'tight', 'quarter']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 65/1262 [00:21<06:08,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 65/1262 [00:21<06:08,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1331/2846529 [07:22<262:53:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1331/2846529 [07:22<262:53:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['firefighters', 'denim', '1871', 'in the united states']
questions ['Who uses this device?', 'What material is the jacket made from?', 'What year was this sport invented?', 'Where in the world do these types of animals live?'] predictions ['firefighters', 'denim', '1871', 'in the united states'] gold_answers ['firemen', 'denim', '1880', 'north america']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 66/1262 [00:21<05:53,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 66/1262 [00:21<05:53,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1332/2846529 [07:22<262:50:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1332/2846529 [07:22<262:50:46,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a microwave', 'a cowboy hat', 'a watch with a red cufflink', 'since the 1970s']
questions ['What does the plugged in item do?', 'The man wearing a hat what is the name of that hat?', 'What type of watch is this?', 'How long has ultimate frisbee been an official sport?'] predictions ['it is a microwave', 'a cowboy hat', 'a watch with a red cufflink', 'since the 1970s'] gold_answers ['heat', 'cowboy hat', 'rolex', '1968']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 67/1262 [00:22<06:53,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 67/1262 [00:22<06:53,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1333/2846529 [07:23<262:55:22,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1333/2846529 [07:23<262:55:22,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a c-130', 'a dog', 'yamaha fzr', 'a computer']
questions ['Can you guess the aircraft model shown in this picture?', 'What type of dog is pictured?', 'Name the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What is being cast onto the table?'] predictions ['a c-130', 'a dog', 'yamaha fzr', 'a computer'] gold_answers ['cessna', 'dalmation', 'suzuki', 'sunlight']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 68/1262 [00:22<06:55,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 68/1262 [00:22<06:55,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1334/2846529 [07:23<262:56:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1334/2846529 [07:23<262:56:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john st. john', 'the food', 'bright lights', 'a boat']
questions ['Who invented this kind of suit?', 'What is causing the circles on the table?', 'What kind of lights are over these mirrors?', 'This plane is passing by a part of what type of vehicle?'] predictions ['john st. john', 'the food', 'bright lights', 'a boat'] gold_answers ['surfer', 'plate', 'flourescent', 'ship']

Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 69/1262 [00:22<07:05,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 69/1262 [00:22<07:05,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1335/2846529 [07:24<262:57:40,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1335/2846529 [07:24<262:57:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the handlebar', 'a sink with a bowl on it', '1939', 'mac']
questions ['What is the name of the bar that holds the bike up in this picture?', 'What kind of sink is on the wall?', 'What year was this plane made?', 'What operating system is on this computer?'] predictions ['the handlebar', 'a sink with a bowl on it', '1939', 'mac'] gold_answers ['kickstand', 'bowl', '1945', 'window']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 70/1262 [00:23<07:23,  2.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 70/1262 [00:23<07:23,  2.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1336/2846529 [07:24<263:00:20,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1336/2846529 [07:24<263:00:20,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skateboard trick', 'a boat', 'in the ground', 'the middle of the court']
questions ['What is the name of the trick being performed?', 'What normally can be seen crossing this?', 'Where does this food grow?', 'What section is the player standing on?'] predictions ['a skateboard trick', 'a boat', 'in the ground', 'the middle of the court'] gold_answers ['flip', 'vehicle', 'garden', 'court']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 71/1262 [00:23<06:56,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 71/1262 [00:23<06:56,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1337/2846529 [07:24<262:59:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1337/2846529 [07:24<262:59:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a small kitchen', 'kiss the cat', 'a cell phone', 'cooking']
questions ['What type of kitchen is this?', 'What is he waiting to do?', 'What type of phone is this woman using?', 'Which class are these students most likely attending?'] predictions ['a small kitchen', 'kiss the cat', 'a cell phone', 'cooking'] gold_answers ['galley', 'travel', 'cell', 'culinary']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 72/1262 [00:23<06:27,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 72/1262 [00:23<06:27,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1338/2846529 [07:25<262:56:52,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1338/2846529 [07:25<262:56:52,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cubicle', 'flying a kite', 'acid', 'it has a screen']
questions ['What is this workspace called?', 'What is the person doing?', 'Is this creme an acid or base?', 'What are the features of this phone?'] predictions ['cubicle', 'flying a kite', 'acid', 'it has a screen'] gold_answers ['cubicle', 'fly kite', 'base', 'call']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 73/1262 [00:24<06:17,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 73/1262 [00:24<06:17,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1339/2846529 [07:25<262:55:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1339/2846529 [07:25<262:55:37,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['recording video', 'john phelps', '20th century', 'a cell phone']
questions ['The man in the orange shirt has a device what is this device used for?', 'Who invented this item?', 'What century is this?', 'What type of cellphone are both women using?'] predictions ['recording video', 'john phelps', '20th century', 'a cell phone'] gold_answers ['video', 'john harington', '20th', 'flip phone']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 74/1262 [00:24<06:20,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 74/1262 [00:24<06:20,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1340/2846529 [07:25<262:55:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1340/2846529 [07:25<262:55:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['tiger', '30 minutes', 'it is a whirlpool', 'wireless router']
questions ['Which large predatory feline is often a dark color like this animal?', "How many minutes per pound does the bird in the woman's hands have to be cooked?", 'What brand is this stove?', 'What is required for all these devices to be connected to the internet without wires?'] predictions ['tiger', '30 minutes', 'it is a whirlpool', 'wireless router'] gold_answers ['panther', '15', 'kenmore', 'wifi']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 75/1262 [00:24<06:51,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 75/1262 [00:24<06:51,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1341/2846529 [07:26<262:58:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1341/2846529 [07:26<262:58:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['floral', 'flour, eggs, cheese, and oil', 'it takes a lot of practice', 'horses']
questions ['What print is on the mans shirt?', 'Can you guess the ingredients used to make this dish?', 'How long does it take to learn this sport?', 'What type of horses are being ridin?'] predictions ['floral', 'flour, eggs, cheese, and oil', 'it takes a lot of practice', 'horses'] gold_answers ['floral', 'dough', '1 year', 'race horse']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 76/1262 [00:25<07:03,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 76/1262 [00:25<07:03,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1342/2846529 [07:26<262:59:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1342/2846529 [07:26<262:59:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is light', 'bicycle', 'nebraska', 'a tiger']
questions ['How heavy is this machine?', 'What forms of transportation are there?', 'The puppy pictured here is a native of what chilly state?', 'What cartoon is on the side of the plane?'] predictions ['it is light', 'bicycle', 'nebraska', 'a tiger'] gold_answers ['500 pounds', 'bike', 'alaska', 'hello kitty']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 77/1262 [00:25<06:43,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 77/1262 [00:25<06:43,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1343/2846529 [07:26<262:58:39,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1343/2846529 [07:26<262:58:39,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a husky', 'the woman is wearing a coat', 'open', 'older']
questions ['What breed is this dog?', 'Why would we suspect that this is not a summer time scene?', 'Is the basket on the ground open or closed?', 'What age are the two people?'] predictions ['a husky', 'the woman is wearing a coat', 'open', 'older'] gold_answers ['husky', 'coat', 'open', '60s']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 78/1262 [00:25<06:46,  2.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 78/1262 [00:25<06:46,  2.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1344/2846529 [07:27<262:59:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1344/2846529 [07:27<262:59:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'lisbon ice cream', 'white clouds', 'swimming']
questions ['What brand of watch is pictured?', 'What popular food product is associated with this mode of transport?', 'What kinds of clouds are those?', 'What activities could you engage in at this place?'] predictions ['no brand', 'lisbon ice cream', 'white clouds', 'swimming'] gold_answers ['rolex', 'rice roni', 'cirrus', 'swim']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 79/1262 [00:26<06:49,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 79/1262 [00:26<06:49,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1345/2846529 [07:27<263:00:00,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1345/2846529 [07:27<263:00:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tree', 'biplane', 'new york yankees', '1896']
questions ['What plant is near the zebra?', 'What kind of plane is this?', 'What team is the player from?', 'When was this type of two wheeled vehicle invented?'] predictions ['a tree', 'biplane', 'new york yankees', '1896'] gold_answers ['tree', 'biplane', 'yankees', '1885']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 80/1262 [00:26<07:01,  2.81it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 80/1262 [00:26<07:01,  2.81it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1346/2846529 [07:27<263:01:40,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1346/2846529 [07:27<263:01:40,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pelicans', 'a priest', 'ferris wheel', 'a sacrificial ritual']
questions ['What kind of birds are these?', "Who's the guy on the left?", 'What amusement ride is pictured?', 'What would you practice inside this building?'] predictions ['pelicans', 'a priest', 'ferris wheel', 'a sacrificial ritual'] gold_answers ['pelican', 'rabbi', 'ferris wheel', 'religion']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 81/1262 [00:27<07:09,  2.75it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 81/1262 [00:27<07:09,  2.75it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1347/2846529 [07:28<263:03:18,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1347/2846529 [07:28<263:03:18,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['washing dishes', 'riding a horse', 'french bulldog', 'at walmart']
questions ['What household chore do people use the white appliance for?', 'If someone is doing this without a saddle they are said to be doing what?', 'Can you guess the family or breed to which the dog belongs to?', 'Where can you get these?'] predictions ['washing dishes', 'riding a horse', 'french bulldog', 'at walmart'] gold_answers ['laundry', 'bareback', 'boston terrier', 'grocery']

Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 82/1262 [00:27<06:36,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 82/1262 [00:27<06:36,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1348/2846529 [07:28<263:01:08,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1348/2846529 [07:28<263:01:08,  3.00it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['stainless steel', 'christmas', 'a lake', 'carrots']
questions ['Which type of metal is used for making this toilet?', 'At which holiday would you traditionally eat this food?', 'Can you name the place where this bird is seen?', 'What are the white veggies?'] predictions ['stainless steel', 'christmas', 'a lake', 'carrots'] gold_answers ['stainless steel', 'easter', 'river', 'potato']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 83/1262 [00:27<06:03,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 83/1262 [00:27<06:03,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1349/2846529 [07:28<262:58:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1349/2846529 [07:28<262:58:02,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['scotland', 'pull into a stop sign', 'the leaves are not green', 'pink umbrellas']
questions ['What country or countries will you find these birds in?', 'How would this train stop itself on the tracks?', 'How do we know this is not summertime?', 'What kind of umbrella are those in the background?'] predictions ['scotland', 'pull into a stop sign', 'the leaves are not green', 'pink umbrellas'] gold_answers ['australia', 'brake', 'no leaf on tree', 'parasol']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 84/1262 [00:27<06:09,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 84/1262 [00:27<06:09,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1350/2846529 [07:29<262:57:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1350/2846529 [07:29<262:57:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pine', 'winemaker', 'chinese', 'stop']
questions ['What kind of plant is this wreath made from?', 'Which occupation sniffs this item before drinking?', 'What nationality are these children appear to be?', 'What does the second light mean?'] predictions ['pine', 'winemaker', 'chinese', 'stop'] gold_answers ['pine tree', 'wine taster', 'mexican', 'caution']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 85/1262 [00:28<05:54,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 85/1262 [00:28<05:54,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1351/2846529 [07:29<262:55:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1351/2846529 [07:29<262:55:37,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['first grade', 'cats', 'in a train station', 'fake']
questions ['What grade are these kids in?', 'Egyptians worshiped these animals?', 'Where is that kind of sign found?', 'Is the christmas tree real or fake?'] predictions ['first grade', 'cats', 'in a train station', 'fake'] gold_answers ['third', 'cat', 'train track', 'fake']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 86/1262 [00:28<05:53,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 86/1262 [00:28<05:53,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1352/2846529 [07:29<262:54:27,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1352/2846529 [07:29<262:54:27,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['rack', 'east', 'he is cross country skiing', 'foil']
questions ['This holder is also called a shoe what?', 'In which direction is the wind blowing?', 'Is the man cross country skiing or is he in a race?', 'The sandwich in this photo was wrapped in what?'] predictions ['rack', 'east', 'he is cross country skiing', 'foil'] gold_answers ['rack', 'north', 'race', 'foil']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 87/1262 [00:28<06:02,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 87/1262 [00:28<06:02,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1353/2846529 [07:30<262:54:12,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1353/2846529 [07:30<262:54:12,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a medical room', 'bicycle', 'cardboard', 'sharks']
questions ['What room is this?', 'What mechanism propels the vehicle in this picture?', 'What is this toy made of?', 'What animal do you have to watch out for when doing this sport?'] predictions ['a medical room', 'bicycle', 'cardboard', 'sharks'] gold_answers ['doctor office', 'wheel', 'cardboard', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 88/1262 [00:29<05:48,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 88/1262 [00:29<05:48,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1354/2846529 [07:30<262:52:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1354/2846529 [07:30<262:52:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a driveway', 'net', '1950s', 'in a garden']
questions ['Can you name the place where the boy is playing?', 'Name the device which seperates the court above?', 'What decade was this picture taken?', 'Where is this vegetable grown?'] predictions ['a driveway', 'net', '1950s', 'in a garden'] gold_answers ['driveway', 'net', "1950's", 'garden']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 89/1262 [00:29<05:40,  3.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 89/1262 [00:29<05:40,  3.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1355/2846529 [07:30<262:49:58,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1355/2846529 [07:30<262:49:59,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a river', 'scissors', 'cat food', 'giraffe']
questions ['What body of water is this?', 'What kind of scissors are these?', 'What does this animal eat?', 'What animal is half patterned like those pictured and half patterned like a donkey?'] predictions ['a river', 'scissors', 'cat food', 'giraffe'] gold_answers ['river', 'surgical', 'tuna', 'mule']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 90/1262 [00:29<05:34,  3.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 90/1262 [00:29<05:34,  3.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1356/2846529 [07:30<262:47:58,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1356/2846529 [07:30<262:47:59,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1890s', 'I made it with pasta and broccoli', 'it is a large wave', 'a size that is not mentioned']
questions ['What decade was this train engine manufactured?', 'How did you make this dish?', 'Why is this dangerous?', 'What is the waist size of the man in the black shorts?'] predictions ['1890s', 'I made it with pasta and broccoli', 'it is a large wave', 'a size that is not mentioned'] gold_answers ['1800', 'boil', 'drown', '34']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 91/1262 [00:29<05:58,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 91/1262 [00:29<05:58,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1357/2846529 [07:31<262:48:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1357/2846529 [07:31<262:48:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nyc transit', 'skyscraper', 'ski poles', 'you should stay away from it']
questions ['What organization operates this train?', 'What is a common name for very tall buildings like the one shown in this photo?', "What is the name of the sticks held in this person's hand?", 'What do you do if you encounter this animal?'] predictions ['nyc transit', 'skyscraper', 'ski poles', 'you should stay away from it'] gold_answers ['southwest', 'skyscraper', 'pole', 'stay still']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 92/1262 [00:30<06:05,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 92/1262 [00:30<06:05,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1358/2846529 [07:31<262:48:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1358/2846529 [07:31<262:48:31,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['warehouse', 'street sign', 'chopsticks', 'hospital']
questions ['In what sort of building would this vehicle be found?', 'What kind of sign is this?', 'What are the eating utensils on the left called?', 'What type of building is this?'] predictions ['warehouse', 'street sign', 'chopsticks', 'hospital'] gold_answers ['warehouse', 'street sign', 'chopstick', 'hospital']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 93/1262 [00:30<05:40,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 93/1262 [00:30<05:40,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1359/2846529 [07:31<262:45:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1359/2846529 [07:31<262:45:21,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cuba', 'a blue jay', 'it is used for social media', 'olive oil']
questions ['What is the best country to visit a beach like this?', 'Which bird is this?', 'What is this device used for?', 'What type of oil was used to garnish the dish?'] predictions ['cuba', 'a blue jay', 'it is used for social media', 'olive oil'] gold_answers ['mexico', 'bluejay', 'telephony and compute', 'olive']

Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 94/1262 [00:30<05:52,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 94/1262 [00:30<05:52,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1360/2846529 [07:32<262:45:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1360/2846529 [07:32<262:45:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['white picket fence', 'butterflies', 'a person who likes to be organized', 'it is a rescue vehicle']
questions ['What style of fence is this?', 'What insects are attracted to this plant?', 'What type of person would live in this environment?', 'Why is this vehicle parked in the beach?'] predictions ['white picket fence', 'butterflies', 'a person who likes to be organized', 'it is a rescue vehicle'] gold_answers ['picket', 'bee', 'student', 'life gaurd']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 95/1262 [00:31<06:28,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 95/1262 [00:31<06:28,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1361/2846529 [07:32<262:47:40,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1361/2846529 [07:32<262:47:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a jousting tournament', 'in a pet store', 'white clouds', 'four']
questions ['What kind of event is this?', 'Where can you buy this pet?', 'What type of clouds are these?', 'How many wheels does this vehicle usually have?'] predictions ['a jousting tournament', 'in a pet store', 'white clouds', 'four'] gold_answers ['joust', 'pet store', 'nimbus', '8']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 96/1262 [00:31<06:25,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 96/1262 [00:31<06:25,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1362/2846529 [07:32<262:47:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1362/2846529 [07:32<262:47:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['aft', 'to the airport', 'she is wearing a headband', 'bathroom']
questions ['The rounded front part of the plane is also called the what?', 'Where are they going?', 'Why is there a rubber band on her head?', 'In what room of a house would you most likly find these types of chairs?'] predictions ['aft', 'to the airport', 'she is wearing a headband', 'bathroom'] gold_answers ['nose', 'on trip', 'hold phone', 'dine room']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 97/1262 [00:31<06:32,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 97/1262 [00:31<06:32,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1363/2846529 [07:33<262:48:02,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1363/2846529 [07:33<262:48:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a birthday party', 'dolls', 'a passenger jet', 'the saunders brothers']
questions ['What type of occasion would warrant this behavior?', 'Things that are scaled to such a small size but which are meant to accurately depict the larger variants are called what?', 'What kind of vehicle is that and how many terrorist attacks have been performed with it?', 'This is a modern plane that was originally inspired by what two brothers?'] predictions ['a birthday party', 'dolls', 'a passenger jet', 'the saunders brothers'] gold_answers ['vacation', 'miniature', 'airplane 3', 'wright']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 98/1262 [00:32<06:37,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 98/1262 [00:32<06:37,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1364/2846529 [07:33<262:48:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1364/2846529 [07:33<262:48:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is a coffee drink', 'sandy', 'the onion family', 'they provide companionship']
questions ['How is this beverage made?', 'What is the type of ground the horses are riding on?', 'Under what family do these two vegetables fall in?', 'What psychological benefits do these animals provide their owners?'] predictions ['it is a coffee drink', 'sandy', 'the onion family', 'they provide companionship'] gold_answers ['brewed', 'sand', 'root', 'comfort']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 99/1262 [00:32<06:31,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 99/1262 [00:32<06:31,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1365/2846529 [07:33<262:48:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1365/2846529 [07:33<262:48:27,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sailing', 'the goal', 'a few ounces', 'a dalmatian']
questions ['What activity is taking place?', 'What is the player most likely kicking the ball towards?', 'How much water can the teapot in the photo hold?', 'What kind of dog is featured in this photo?'] predictions ['sailing', 'the goal', 'a few ounces', 'a dalmatian'] gold_answers ['sail', 'goal', '2 quarts', 'dalmation']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 100/1262 [00:32<06:36,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 100/1262 [00:32<06:36,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1366/2846529 [07:34<262:49:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1366/2846529 [07:34<262:49:07,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['red', 'over a billion', 'a scavenger', 'female']
questions ['What does the color of this sign represent in america?', 'How many of this animal are estimated to be kept as pets worldwide?', 'Giraffes have spots to provide what kind of defense?', 'What gender is the child?'] predictions ['red', 'over a billion', 'a scavenger', 'female'] gold_answers ['caution', '75 million', 'camouflage', 'female']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 101/1262 [00:33<06:40,  2.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 101/1262 [00:33<06:40,  2.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1367/2846529 [07:34<262:49:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1367/2846529 [07:34<262:49:51,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a painter', 'he is at a fair', 'a parking meter', 'canadian airways']
questions ['Who painting the artwork hanging over the fireplace?', 'Why is he eating this?', 'What is the object called that is tied around this dogs neck?', 'What is the name of the airline of the pictured airplane?'] predictions ['a painter', 'he is at a fair', 'a parking meter', 'canadian airways'] gold_answers ['artist', 'snack', 'bandana', 'air canada']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 102/1262 [00:33<06:43,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 102/1262 [00:33<06:43,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1368/2846529 [07:34<262:50:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1368/2846529 [07:34<262:50:37,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mashed potatoes', 'it is a laptop', 'long sleeve', 'california']
questions ['What is a good side dish for this meal?', 'What is this object for?', 'What is that special shirt called?', 'Name the place shown in this picture?'] predictions ['mashed potatoes', 'it is a laptop', 'long sleeve', 'california'] gold_answers ['fry', 'surf internet', 'wet shirt', 'highway']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 103/1262 [00:33<06:36,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 103/1262 [00:33<06:36,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1369/2846529 [07:35<262:50:25,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1369/2846529 [07:35<262:50:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['teddy bear', 'desk', 'a honey glaze', 'hitting a tennis ball']
questions ['What kind of stuffed toy is in the picture?', 'Which furnishing seen here is of a type reminiscent of what is seen in some classrooms?', 'What is the glaze on the chicken?', 'What is this man doing?'] predictions ['teddy bear', 'desk', 'a honey glaze', 'hitting a tennis ball'] gold_answers ['bear', 'chair', 'honey mustard', 'play tennis']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 104/1262 [00:34<06:21,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 104/1262 [00:34<06:21,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1370/2846529 [07:35<262:49:17,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1370/2846529 [07:35<262:49:17,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are riding a motorcycle', 'people who are allergic to them', 'boston terrier', 'to charge for parking']
questions ['Why does this person have protective clothing on?', "These are something who don't eat without a fight?", 'Name the family or bread to which this dog belongs to?', 'What is the purpose of this machine?'] predictions ['they are riding a motorcycle', 'people who are allergic to them', 'boston terrier', 'to charge for parking'] gold_answers ['safety', 'kid', 'boxer', 'park']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 105/1262 [00:34<06:19,  3.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 105/1262 [00:34<06:19,  3.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1371/2846529 [07:35<262:49:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1371/2846529 [07:35<262:49:02,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['neck', 'bread', 'computer mouse', '19th century']
questions ['This type of animal has a famously long what?', 'What type of bread is pictured in this dish?', 'What kind of devices use these?', 'What century is this?'] predictions ['neck', 'bread', 'computer mouse', '19th century'] gold_answers ['neck', 'wheat', 'computer', '19th']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 106/1262 [00:34<05:50,  3.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 106/1262 [00:34<05:50,  3.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1372/2846529 [07:36<262:46:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1372/2846529 [07:36<262:46:02,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1927', 'a food festival', 'you can buy nice looking suitcases at a luggage store', 'a chevy']
questions ['When was this airline founded?', 'What type of event are these people attending?', 'Where can i but nice looking suitcases like in this photo?', 'What make and model is the white car?'] predictions ['1927', 'a food festival', 'you can buy nice looking suitcases at a luggage store', 'a chevy'] gold_answers ['1996', 'festival', 'kohl', 'honda accord']

Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 107/1262 [00:35<06:57,  2.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 107/1262 [00:35<06:57,  2.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1373/2846529 [07:36<262:51:40,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1373/2846529 [07:36<262:51:40,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sailing', 'a kite', 'striped', 'catching a fish']
questions ['What water activity is occuring here?', 'What is the kid playing with?', 'What type of pattern is on the animals fur?', 'What did the animal just finishing doing?'] predictions ['sailing', 'a kite', 'striped', 'catching a fish'] gold_answers ['sail', 'kite', 'striped', 'catch fish']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 108/1262 [00:35<06:35,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 108/1262 [00:35<06:35,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1374/2846529 [07:36<262:50:33,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1374/2846529 [07:36<262:50:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a formation of four planes', 'the road will be closed', 'cactus', 'dirt']
questions ['What formation are the planes flying in?', 'What will not happen after this?', 'What plant is shown in the art on the wall?', 'What kind of soil is this?'] predictions ['a formation of four planes', 'the road will be closed', 'cactus', 'dirt'] gold_answers ['straight', 'road work', 'cactus', 'red soil']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 109/1262 [00:36<06:39,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 109/1262 [00:36<06:39,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1375/2846529 [07:37<262:51:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1375/2846529 [07:37<262:51:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about 100', 'coffee', 'frostbite', 'paper']
questions ['How many calories per slice does this food contain?', 'What kind of beverage could one make with the item on top of the stove?', 'What condition are these athletes trying to prevent with their clothing?', 'What is the material used to make the flowers on these cakes?'] predictions ['about 100', 'coffee', 'frostbite', 'paper'] gold_answers ['239', 'tea', 'hypothermia', 'fondant']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 110/1262 [00:36<06:13,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 110/1262 [00:36<06:13,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1376/2846529 [07:37<262:49:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1376/2846529 [07:37<262:49:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'nippon airways', 'a brown horse', 'it is used for work']
questions ['What brand is the tv?', 'To which airline does this plane belong?', 'What breed is the horse?', 'What is this space used for?'] predictions ['no brand', 'nippon airways', 'a brown horse', 'it is used for work'] gold_answers ['toshiba', 'ana', 'bay', 'work']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 111/1262 [00:36<06:14,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 111/1262 [00:36<06:14,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1377/2846529 [07:37<262:49:07,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1377/2846529 [07:37<262:49:07,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it sells clothing', 'it is a zebra', 'egypt', 'boy']
questions ['What service does this store sell?', 'Why can you not cross the barrier?', 'What country is this is?', 'Is this a boy or girl?'] predictions ['it sells clothing', 'it is a zebra', 'egypt', 'boy'] gold_answers ['cloth', 'danger', 'mexico', 'boy']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 112/1262 [00:36<06:24,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 112/1262 [00:36<06:24,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1378/2846529 [07:38<262:49:51,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1378/2846529 [07:38<262:49:52,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['honda', 'chinese', 'oranges', 'california']
questions ['Which brand of bike is rided by the person in the photo?', 'What language is spoken in this place?', 'What style of oranges are in the stack?', 'Which part of the country would you find such?'] predictions ['honda', 'chinese', 'oranges', 'california'] gold_answers ['suzuki', 'english', 'navel', 'coast']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 113/1262 [00:37<06:22,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 113/1262 [00:37<06:22,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1379/2846529 [07:38<262:49:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1379/2846529 [07:38<262:49:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['catching', 'pine trees', 'They are washing their hands', 'ski poles']
questions ['Is he catching or throwing?', 'What growing item seen here is frequently used for christmas?', 'What are they doing inside this room?', 'What is the name of the hand held equipment being used?'] predictions ['catching', 'pine trees', 'They are washing their hands', 'ski poles'] gold_answers ['throw', 'pine tree', 'wash', 'ski pole']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 114/1262 [00:37<06:10,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 114/1262 [00:37<06:10,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1380/2846529 [07:38<262:48:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1380/2846529 [07:38<262:48:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a honda cbr 750', 'a black dog', 'he is walking down a path', 'the tallest one that has ever been surfed on']
questions ['Can you guess the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What kind of dog is that?', 'Why would we assume this surfer is not about to engage in his sport?', 'What is the tallest one of these that has even been surfed on?'] predictions ['a honda cbr 750', 'a black dog', 'he is walking down a path', 'the tallest one that has ever been surfed on'] gold_answers ['agusta', 'black lab', 'no water', '78 feet']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 115/1262 [00:38<06:58,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 115/1262 [00:38<06:58,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1381/2846529 [07:39<262:53:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1381/2846529 [07:39<262:53:03,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['disneyland', 'a brown and white horse', 'a cow', 'hit the ball']
questions ['What brand uses these animals as advertising?', 'What type of horse is pulling the trolley?', 'What sound does this animal make?', "What's the next thing this player is likely to do?"] predictions ['disneyland', 'a brown and white horse', 'a cow', 'hit the ball'] gold_answers ['budweiser', 'clydesdale', 'moo', 'swing']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 116/1262 [00:38<06:45,  2.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 116/1262 [00:38<06:45,  2.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1382/2846529 [07:39<262:52:52,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1382/2846529 [07:39<262:52:53,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['you feed it a lot of food', 'a pie crust', 'leather', 'a skateboard trick']
questions ['How do you take care of the breed of cat in this photo?', 'What flaky dough is used to cover this dish?', 'What are the chairs made of?', 'What type of skateboard trick can be performed on that black structure?'] predictions ['you feed it a lot of food', 'a pie crust', 'leather', 'a skateboard trick'] gold_answers ['food and water', 'bread', 'leather and wood', 'grind']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 117/1262 [00:38<06:54,  2.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 117/1262 [00:38<06:54,  2.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1383/2846529 [07:40<262:54:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1383/2846529 [07:40<262:54:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['not heavy', 'a mirror reflection', 'deck', 'no brand']
questions ['How heavy are these animals?', 'What type of picture is this person taking?', 'Planks like these that create a level flooring attached to a house are called a what?', 'What brand of tennis racket is this person holding?'] predictions ['not heavy', 'a mirror reflection', 'deck', 'no brand'] gold_answers ['50 pounds', 'selfie', 'deck', 'wilson']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 118/1262 [00:39<06:23,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 118/1262 [00:39<06:23,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1384/2846529 [07:40<262:52:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1384/2846529 [07:40<262:52:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a kitten', 'calf', 'a tv show', 'it can carry a lot of people']
questions ['What breed it this cat?', 'What is the proper name for a child of the species shown?', 'What type of program is playing on the tv?', 'How many people can this bus carry?'] predictions ['a kitten', 'calf', 'a tv show', 'it can carry a lot of people'] gold_answers ['maine coon', 'calf', 'news', '50']

Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 119/1262 [00:39<06:38,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 119/1262 [00:39<06:38,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1385/2846529 [07:40<262:54:09,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1385/2846529 [07:40<262:54:09,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['palm trees', 'they are both made of bread', 'a sheep show', 'a radio']
questions ['What kind of trees are in the background?', 'What does this sandwich variant have in common with popsicles?', 'What kind of event would these animals be at?', 'What is he listening to?'] predictions ['palm trees', 'they are both made of bread', 'a sheep show', 'a radio'] gold_answers ['palm tree', 'stick', 'fair', 'music']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 120/1262 [00:39<06:30,  2.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 120/1262 [00:39<06:30,  2.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1386/2846529 [07:41<262:53:57,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1386/2846529 [07:41<262:53:57,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['coat', 'long', 'a police horse', 'in the chair']
questions ['What piece of clothing is this boy putting on?', 'How long is this animals tongue?', 'What is this type of policeman typically called?', 'Where in this room could i sit?'] predictions ['coat', 'long', 'a police horse', 'in the chair'] gold_answers ['glove', '20 inches', 'mounted', 'chair']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 121/1262 [00:40<06:08,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 121/1262 [00:40<06:08,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1387/2846529 [07:41<262:52:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1387/2846529 [07:41<262:52:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['california', 'black cat', 'not enough information', 'a handrail']
questions ['In what states might this person be doing this activity?', 'What kind of cat is that?', 'Who was the artist that painted this train car?', 'What item normally used by stair climbers to maneuver forward with their arms is not on view here?'] predictions ['california', 'black cat', 'not enough information', 'a handrail'] gold_answers ['california hawaii', 'black cat', 'banksy', 'rail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 122/1262 [00:40<06:10,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 122/1262 [00:40<06:10,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1388/2846529 [07:41<262:51:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1388/2846529 [07:41<262:51:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['san bernardino national park', 'black', 'a sand castle', 'wicker']
questions ['What california national park are these known to be seen?', 'What kind of ties are the men wearing?', 'What treat is the vender selling?', 'What is this made of?'] predictions ['san bernardino national park', 'black', 'a sand castle', 'wicker'] gold_answers ['yosemite', 'bowties', 'cotton candy', 'wicker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 123/1262 [00:40<06:58,  2.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 123/1262 [00:40<06:58,  2.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1389/2846529 [07:42<262:56:31,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1389/2846529 [07:42<262:56:31,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mozzarella', 'Florida', 'food', '1880']
questions ['What type of cheese was used?', 'What is a state where this scene could take place?', 'This activity helps to ensure that what remains fresh?', 'When was the activity shown first invented?'] predictions ['mozzarella', 'Florida', 'food', '1880'] gold_answers ['mozzarella', 'south carolina', 'brush teeth', '1922']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 124/1262 [00:41<06:07,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 124/1262 [00:41<06:07,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1390/2846529 [07:42<262:52:35,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1390/2846529 [07:42<262:52:35,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['lg', 'square', 'a plane', 'reading, writing, and playing the piano']
questions ['What is the brand name of the monitor?', 'Which type of glass is used for making the glass cups shown in this photo?', 'What kind of vehicle is above the building?', 'What activities could take place in this room?'] predictions ['lg', 'square', 'a plane', 'reading, writing, and playing the piano'] gold_answers ['lg', 'crystal', 'airplane', 'read']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 125/1262 [00:41<06:27,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 125/1262 [00:41<06:27,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1391/2846529 [07:42<262:54:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1391/2846529 [07:42<262:54:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a field', 'first molars', 'a giraffe', 'scissors']
questions ['Where are these people?', "This small person's first set of teeth are called the what teeth?", "What animal is printed on this baby's clothes in this picture?", 'What tools are needed to construct this toy?'] predictions ['in a field', 'first molars', 'a giraffe', 'scissors'] gold_answers ['outside', 'baby', 'turtle', 'screwdriver']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 126/1262 [00:41<06:22,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 126/1262 [00:41<06:22,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1392/2846529 [07:43<262:54:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1392/2846529 [07:43<262:54:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to look at himself in the mirror', 'joe dimaggio', 'horse racing', 'old fashioned']
questions ['Why would this man be wearing these glasses?', 'Who is the home run leader in this sport?', 'What sport is this?', 'What type of architecture is shown in these buildings?'] predictions ['to look at himself in the mirror', 'joe dimaggio', 'horse racing', 'old fashioned'] gold_answers ['correction', 'babe ruth', 'horse race', 'gothic']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 127/1262 [00:42<06:28,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 127/1262 [00:42<06:28,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1393/2846529 [07:43<262:54:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1393/2846529 [07:43<262:54:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['about 15 minutes', 'brie', '1870', 'mountain biking']
questions ['How long should i bake this for?', 'What type of cheese is on this sandwich?', 'When was this type of transportation invented?', 'What kind of sport is practiced is in this picture?'] predictions ['about 15 minutes', 'brie', '1870', 'mountain biking'] gold_answers ['30 minutes', 'swiss', '1804', 'bmx']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 128/1262 [00:42<05:54,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 128/1262 [00:42<05:54,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1394/2846529 [07:43<262:51:48,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1394/2846529 [07:43<262:51:48,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['world economic forum', 'a package', 'a wall clock', 'giraffes']
questions ['What topic is this event related to?', 'What is in this truck?', 'Name the clock model shown in this picture?', 'In an area like this what sort of animals might be seen in the trees?'] predictions ['world economic forum', 'a package', 'a wall clock', 'giraffes'] gold_answers ['sport', 'package', 'wall', 'monkey']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 129/1262 [00:42<05:50,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 129/1262 [00:42<05:50,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1395/2846529 [07:43<262:50:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1395/2846529 [07:43<262:50:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a candy apple', 'a toy train', 'to urinate', 'stickers']
questions ['What is the most popular candy shown here?', 'What full scale train does this small one represent?', 'What are these used for?', 'What did people put on this sign?'] predictions ['a candy apple', 'a toy train', 'to urinate', 'stickers'] gold_answers ['snicker', 'locomotive', 'pee', 'sticker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 130/1262 [00:42<05:47,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 130/1262 [00:42<05:47,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1396/2846529 [07:44<262:49:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1396/2846529 [07:44<262:49:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['toy store', 'a game console', 'the kentucky derby', 'pink plastic containers']
questions ['What store could you find this item?', 'What device did these remotes often fly into?', 'What derby is the horse apart of?', 'What brand of container are being used?'] predictions ['toy store', 'a game console', 'the kentucky derby', 'pink plastic containers'] gold_answers ['toy store', 'wall', 'kentucky', 'tupperware']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 131/1262 [00:43<06:12,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 131/1262 [00:43<06:12,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1397/2846529 [07:44<262:51:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1397/2846529 [07:44<262:51:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['z', 'to make clothes', 'pelicans', 'hands']
questions ['What letter of the alphabet do those animals names start with?', 'How can be wool of sheep be used?', 'What types of birds are those present?', 'When discussing things over dinner what part of the body is it considered rude to place upon the table?'] predictions ['z', 'to make clothes', 'pelicans', 'hands'] gold_answers ['z', 'cloth', 'pelican', 'elbow']

Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 132/1262 [00:43<05:43,  3.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 132/1262 [00:43<05:43,  3.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1398/2846529 [07:44<262:48:22,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1398/2846529 [07:44<262:48:22,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['wetsuit', 'on the roof', 'it was lost by a child', 'a hawk']
questions ['What is the name of the garment this man is wearing?', 'Where is the luggage stored on the green bus?', 'Who lost this teddy bear?', 'What kind of bird is this?'] predictions ['wetsuit', 'on the roof', 'it was lost by a child', 'a hawk'] gold_answers ['wetsuit', 'roof', 'child', 'hawk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 133/1262 [00:43<05:59,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 133/1262 [00:43<05:59,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1399/2846529 [07:45<262:49:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1399/2846529 [07:45<262:49:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a charger', 'a cocktail', 'to celebrate a holiday', 'a spacecraft']
questions ['Before being used what are most cellphone likely connected to by those cords?', 'What drink is this?', 'What is the purpose of the red decorations in this photo?', 'Where is this picture taken from?'] predictions ['a charger', 'a cocktail', 'to celebrate a holiday', 'a spacecraft'] gold_answers ['charger', 'cocktail', 'chinese new year', 'space']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 134/1262 [00:44<05:52,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 134/1262 [00:44<05:52,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1400/2846529 [07:45<262:47:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1400/2846529 [07:45<262:47:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it eats fruit', 'snatch', 'many', 'about 10 years']
questions ['What food does this animal eat?', "This display is taken from what famous children's novel?", 'How many different types of donuts are in this shop?', 'What is the average lifespan for this animal?'] predictions ['it eats fruit', 'snatch', 'many', 'about 10 years'] gold_answers ['seed', 'harry potter', '6', '30 years']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 135/1262 [00:44<05:47,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 135/1262 [00:44<05:47,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1401/2846529 [07:45<262:46:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1401/2846529 [07:45<262:46:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are for a laptop', 'they are in the military', 'worms', 'a catering company']
questions ['What do those stickers do?', 'Why are these men dressed like this?', 'What brain parasite is much more likely to infect owners of these animals?', 'What type of company is represented here?'] predictions ['they are for a laptop', 'they are in the military', 'worms', 'a catering company'] gold_answers ['decorate', 'military', 'toxoplasmosis', 'cater']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 136/1262 [00:44<05:53,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 136/1262 [00:44<05:53,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1402/2846529 [07:46<262:46:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1402/2846529 [07:46<262:46:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a leash', 'stove', 'a tarp', 'military award']
questions ["What long strap can be tied to the object around the animal's neck?", 'What is the item with the burners and knobs?', 'What is that paper on the ground called?', 'What kind of award is this?'] predictions ['a leash', 'stove', 'a tarp', 'military award'] gold_answers ['leash', 'stove', 'litter', 'military']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 137/1262 [00:45<05:48,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 137/1262 [00:45<05:48,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1403/2846529 [07:46<262:45:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1403/2846529 [07:46<262:45:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['flying', 'horse drawn carriage', 'frisbee', 'tiger king']
questions ['What is the blue thing doing?', 'The rounded wheels belong to what type of vehicle?', 'What game is he playing?', 'Which tony jaa film contains this animal being rescued by the main character?'] predictions ['flying', 'horse drawn carriage', 'frisbee', 'tiger king'] gold_answers ['fly', 'wagon', 'fetch', 'ong bak']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 138/1262 [00:45<05:44,  3.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 138/1262 [00:45<05:44,  3.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1404/2846529 [07:46<262:44:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1404/2846529 [07:46<262:44:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['first base', 'square plate', 'marinas', 'a ship']
questions ['What base are they standing on?', 'What type of dinnerware is the food on?', 'Places where the vehicles shown here can park are called what?', 'It is a boat or ship or fishboat?'] predictions ['first base', 'square plate', 'marinas', 'a ship'] gold_answers ['second', 'plate', 'dock', 'ship']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 139/1262 [00:45<05:23,  3.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 139/1262 [00:45<05:23,  3.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1405/2846529 [07:47<262:41:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1405/2846529 [07:47<262:41:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['no brand', 'ram', 'they are celebrating a wine tasting', 'the lighting is low']
questions ['What brand racket is the player holding?', 'What is a male of this animal called?', 'What are these people celebrating?', 'What is the lighting in this space?'] predictions ['no brand', 'ram', 'they are celebrating a wine tasting', 'the lighting is low'] gold_answers ['wilson', 'ram', 'wine taste', 'street lamp']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 140/1262 [00:46<05:46,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 140/1262 [00:46<05:46,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1406/2846529 [07:47<262:42:10,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1406/2846529 [07:47<262:42:10,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a toy store', 'sliding down the hill', 'a cell phone', 'pirate']
questions ['Where can i buy a bear similar to this one?', 'What were they doing?', 'What device is the woman talking into?', 'To what profession is the hat depicted frequently linked?'] predictions ['in a toy store', 'sliding down the hill', 'a cell phone', 'pirate'] gold_answers ['toy store', 'sled', 'cell phone', 'pirate']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 141/1262 [00:46<05:52,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 141/1262 [00:46<05:52,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1407/2846529 [07:47<262:41:59,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1407/2846529 [07:47<262:42:00,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['babar', 'to read books', 'to indicate the time', 'snowboarding']
questions ['Is this type of animal more closer to the character babar or the character snoopy?', 'What can this be used for?', 'What is the purpose of the white circle?', 'What popular term is given for what the person in the background is doing?'] predictions ['babar', 'to read books', 'to indicate the time', 'snowboarding'] gold_answers ['babar', 'mousepad', 'time tell', 'photo bomb']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 142/1262 [00:46<05:38,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 142/1262 [00:46<05:38,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1408/2846529 [07:47<262:40:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1408/2846529 [07:47<262:40:02,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it flies', 'seattle, washington', 'they are moving slowly', 'carrots, cucumber, lettuce, and tomatoes']
questions ['In this game a poorly hit ball has what in common with a chicken?', 'Where in the world is this located?', 'How fast do these trains go?', 'What vegetables are shown?'] predictions ['it flies', 'seattle, washington', 'they are moving slowly', 'carrots, cucumber, lettuce, and tomatoes'] gold_answers ['foul', 'seattle', '50 mph', 'tomato']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 143/1262 [00:47<06:14,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 143/1262 [00:47<06:14,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1409/2846529 [07:48<262:42:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1409/2846529 [07:48<262:42:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1890', 'stopping', 'jockeys', 'a conference room']
questions ['In what year was this mode of transportation created?', 'What is the light indicating oncoming traffic should be doing?', 'The human rider on the horses are called what?', 'What kind of building is this?'] predictions ['1890', 'stopping', 'jockeys', 'a conference room'] gold_answers ['1804', 'stop', 'jockey', 'hall']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 144/1262 [00:47<05:53,  3.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 144/1262 [00:47<05:53,  3.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1410/2846529 [07:48<262:40:37,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1410/2846529 [07:48<262:40:37,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['plaid', 'fire department', 'in the rain', "a driver's license"]
questions ['What do you call the pattern on this tie?', 'What are these items usually used by?', 'Where do you have weather like this?', 'What is needed to use this transportation?'] predictions ['plaid', 'fire department', 'in the rain', "a driver's license"] gold_answers ['plaid', 'firemen', 'everywhere', 'key']

Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 145/1262 [00:47<05:56,  3.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 145/1262 [00:47<05:56,  3.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1411/2846529 [07:48<262:40:27,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1411/2846529 [07:48<262:40:27,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a barn', 'fruits', 'willow', 'shark']
questions ['Can you name the place where this horse is seen?', 'Are these fruits or vegetables?', 'What type of tree is this?', 'What animal tries to attack persons doing this activity?'] predictions ['a barn', 'fruits', 'willow', 'shark'] gold_answers ['stable', 'fruit', 'willow', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 146/1262 [00:47<05:31,  3.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 146/1262 [00:47<05:31,  3.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1412/2846529 [07:49<262:37:31,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1412/2846529 [07:49<262:37:31,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the phillies', 'he was trying to get to work', 'they have eggs on their plate', 'giraffe']
questions ['What team does this man play for?', 'Why did he leave his car next to a fire hydrant?', 'Even without bacon or sausage why would we think this person has plenty of protein on their plate?', 'What mammal do you see?'] predictions ['the phillies', 'he was trying to get to work', 'they have eggs on their plate', 'giraffe'] gold_answers ['cub', 'park', 'bean', 'giraffe']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 147/1262 [00:48<06:01,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 147/1262 [00:48<06:01,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1413/2846529 [07:49<262:39:18,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1413/2846529 [07:49<262:39:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['charles darwin', 'The rr sign is on the pole', 'surfing', 'they are high in vitamin c']
questions ['Who had used one of these floating objects in a famous experiment on electricity?', 'How do we know there may be a railroad nearby?', 'What type of exercise might she be doing?', 'What is the nutrition value of the fruits?'] predictions ['charles darwin', 'The rr sign is on the pole', 'surfing', 'they are high in vitamin c'] gold_answers ['benjamin franklin', 'sign', 'swim', 'vitamin']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 148/1262 [00:48<06:28,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 148/1262 [00:48<06:28,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1414/2846529 [07:50<262:41:55,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1414/2846529 [07:50<262:41:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['mustard, relish, and mayo', 'it is cheap', 'a lego', 'a grey horse']
questions ['What condiments would be good on this sandwhich?', 'How expensive is this entree?', 'What brand of device is the boy using?', 'What breed of the horse is shown in the image?'] predictions ['mustard, relish, and mayo', 'it is cheap', 'a lego', 'a grey horse'] gold_answers ['ketchup', 'very expensive', 'leapfrog', 'arabian']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 149/1262 [00:49<06:31,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 149/1262 [00:49<06:31,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1415/2846529 [07:50<262:42:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1415/2846529 [07:50<262:42:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['pepperoni', 'it is a bus', 'asian', 'a small amount']
questions ['What topping is on this pizza?', 'What do i do with this thing?', 'What city is shown?', 'How much wood is needed to construct this seat?'] predictions ['pepperoni', 'it is a bus', 'asian', 'a small amount'] gold_answers ['pepperoni', 'drive', 'tokyo', '8 planks']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 150/1262 [00:49<06:13,  2.97it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 150/1262 [00:49<06:13,  2.97it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1416/2846529 [07:50<262:41:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1416/2846529 [07:50<262:41:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['at ikea', 'honda cbr600rr', 'black pants', 'a ticket']
questions ['Where can i get a coffee table like this?', 'What is the model of the motorcycle in the front of the motorcycle pack?', 'What kind of pants is this woman wearing?', 'What might one need before being able to board one of these?'] predictions ['at ikea', 'honda cbr600rr', 'black pants', 'a ticket'] gold_answers ['furniture store', 'harley davidson', 'jog', 'ticket']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 151/1262 [00:49<06:37,  2.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 151/1262 [00:49<06:37,  2.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1417/2846529 [07:51<262:44:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1417/2846529 [07:51<262:44:07,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['the united kingdom', 'the Alps', 'a small biplane', 'a burger with a knife']
questions ['Is this sport popular more popular in the us or the uk?', 'What moutains are in the background?', 'What kind of airplane is this?', 'What is the name of this sandwich?'] predictions ['the united kingdom', 'the Alps', 'a small biplane', 'a burger with a knife'] gold_answers ['uk', 'andes', 'biplane', 'hamburger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 152/1262 [00:50<06:45,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 152/1262 [00:50<06:45,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1418/2846529 [07:51<262:45:47,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1418/2846529 [07:51<262:45:47,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['beef and vegetables', 'it is very creepy', 'to be treated', 'garage']
questions ['What food is this?', 'How creepy is the decor in this room?', 'Why might someone need to be in the place of this photo?', 'Is this a garage or factory?'] predictions ['beef and vegetables', 'it is very creepy', 'to be treated', 'garage'] gold_answers ['stew', 'very', 'sick', 'garage']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 153/1262 [00:50<06:23,  2.89it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 153/1262 [00:50<06:23,  2.89it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1419/2846529 [07:51<262:44:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1419/2846529 [07:51<262:44:41,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['forklift driver', 'a lot', 'a horse farm', 'gasoline']
questions ['What occupation might he have?', 'How much water can the bottles on the table hold?', 'What kind of farm is this?', 'What kind of fuel does this toy use?'] predictions ['forklift driver', 'a lot', 'a horse farm', 'gasoline'] gold_answers ['forklift driver', '1 liter', 'horse farm', 'gasoline']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 154/1262 [00:50<05:57,  3.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 154/1262 [00:50<05:57,  3.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1420/2846529 [07:52<262:42:36,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1420/2846529 [07:52<262:42:37,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ottoman', 'san francisco', 'goth', 'squat']
questions ['What is the term for the kind of furniture in front of the mirror?', 'What city is this?', 'Are these people goth or punk and what are some famous japanese and korean goth and punk fashions?', 'When you bend your knees as this man is doing you are performing an exercise called a what?'] predictions ['ottoman', 'san francisco', 'goth', 'squat'] gold_answers ['ottoman', 'los angeles', 'goth', 'squat']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 155/1262 [00:51<05:58,  3.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 155/1262 [00:51<05:58,  3.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1421/2846529 [07:52<262:42:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1421/2846529 [07:52<262:42:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['nokia', 'a grassy area', 'a cloud', 'practicing']
questions ["Who manufactured this popular 1990's cellular phone?", 'Name the place where this bear is seen in this picture?', 'What is behind the plane?', 'Is he playing in a game or practicing?'] predictions ['nokia', 'a grassy area', 'a cloud', 'practicing'] gold_answers ['motorola', 'alaska', 'smoke', 'practice']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 156/1262 [00:51<05:49,  3.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 156/1262 [00:51<05:49,  3.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1422/2846529 [07:52<262:41:12,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1422/2846529 [07:52<262:41:12,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["valentine's day", 'strawberry', 'a suit and a bow tie', 'the south']
questions ['Which holiday would the teddy bear be sold at malls?', 'What kind of fruit?', 'What kind of clothes is dressing the man?', 'From what part of the country is this food most likely being served in?'] predictions ["valentine's day", 'strawberry', 'a suit and a bow tie', 'the south'] gold_answers ["valentine's day", 'strawberry', 'suit', 'south']

Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 157/1262 [00:51<06:09,  2.99it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 157/1262 [00:51<06:09,  2.99it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1423/2846529 [07:53<262:42:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1423/2846529 [07:53<262:42:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['domes', 'it is high in vitamin c', 'bench', 'a walkway']
questions ['Are the tops of these towers minarets or domes?', 'What health benefit does this type of vegetable have?', 'What is this piece of outside furniture called?', 'Is this a walkway or motorway?'] predictions ['domes', 'it is high in vitamin c', 'bench', 'a walkway'] gold_answers ['minaret', 'fiber', 'bench', 'walkway']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 158/1262 [00:52<06:15,  2.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 158/1262 [00:52<06:15,  2.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1424/2846529 [07:53<262:43:21,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1424/2846529 [07:53<262:43:21,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['ski hill', 'venus and agnes', 'samsung', 'pizza']
questions ['What is the common name for this type of hill?', 'Which fashion conscious sisters are famous for playing this game?', 'What brand of phone is this?', 'What is a slang word for this food item?'] predictions ['ski hill', 'venus and agnes', 'samsung', 'pizza'] gold_answers ['bunny', 'williams', 'samsung', 'pie']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 159/1262 [00:52<06:09,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 159/1262 [00:52<06:09,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1425/2846529 [07:53<262:43:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1425/2846529 [07:53<262:43:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['herd', 'a chevrolet', 'propeller', 'elizabeth i']
questions ['A group of these animals is called a what?', 'What brand of vehicle is that?', 'What is the name of the mechanism located on the front end of the plane?', 'What princess famously suggested that peasants eat this type of food?'] predictions ['herd', 'a chevrolet', 'propeller', 'elizabeth i'] gold_answers ['herd', 'lincoln', 'propeller', 'marie antoinette']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 160/1262 [00:52<06:24,  2.87it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 160/1262 [00:52<06:24,  2.87it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1426/2846529 [07:54<262:44:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1426/2846529 [07:54<262:44:42,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a recliner', 'at their door', 'overhand', 'chamomile tea']
questions ['What type of easy chair is this?', 'Do the occupants of this building receive their mail at their door or in a box along the street?', 'Was the ball thrown overhand or underhand?', 'Which popular digestive aid is the color of this table cloth?'] predictions ['a recliner', 'at their door', 'overhand', 'chamomile tea'] gold_answers ['recliner', 'box', 'underhand', 'pepto bismol']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 161/1262 [00:53<06:07,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 161/1262 [00:53<06:07,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1427/2846529 [07:54<262:43:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1427/2846529 [07:54<262:43:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a skateboard', 'it is a car', 'a chinese sauce', 'good']
questions ["What is missing on this man's elbows and knees?", 'How much is this truck worth?', 'What kind of tomato sauce is there?', 'What kind of omen is the cat on the right considered?'] predictions ['a skateboard', 'it is a car', 'a chinese sauce', 'good'] gold_answers ['pad', '125000', 'marinara', 'bad']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 162/1262 [00:53<06:12,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 162/1262 [00:53<06:12,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1428/2846529 [07:54<262:44:09,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1428/2846529 [07:54<262:44:09,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are playing soccer', 'a high altitude', 'a wetsuit', 'a refrigerator']
questions ['Why do the boys shirts match?', 'What altitude do these animals favor?', 'What is the suit the woman was wearing made of?', 'What common appliance is missing from this kitchen?'] predictions ['they are playing soccer', 'a high altitude', 'a wetsuit', 'a refrigerator'] gold_answers ['same team', 'high', 'neoprene', 'microwave']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 163/1262 [00:53<05:58,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 163/1262 [00:53<05:58,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1429/2846529 [07:55<262:42:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1429/2846529 [07:55<262:42:56,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to stop traffic', 'a polaroid camera', 'coffee', 'the giants']
questions ['What is this light used for?', 'What was used to capture this photo?', 'What kind of beverage is the poster on the left referring to?', 'What team is number 51 from?'] predictions ['to stop traffic', 'a polaroid camera', 'coffee', 'the giants'] gold_answers ['traffic', 'camera', 'beer', 'giant']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 164/1262 [00:54<06:06,  3.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 164/1262 [00:54<06:06,  3.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1430/2846529 [07:55<262:43:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1430/2846529 [07:55<262:43:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['', 'a strike', 'english', 'a bath']
questions ['What key allows someone to remove text?', 'If the player misses the ball in the pictured game it is called what?', 'In what language is the name of this boat written?', 'It looks like this baby just got out of what?'] predictions ['', 'a strike', 'english', 'a bath'] gold_answers ['backspace', 'strike', 'danish', 'bath']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 165/1262 [00:54<05:35,  3.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 165/1262 [00:54<05:35,  3.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1431/2846529 [07:55<262:40:33,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1431/2846529 [07:55<262:40:33,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a rural area', 'a cloth', 'wetsuit', 'cross country skiing']
questions ['What type of place is this train in?', 'What common material can you use to clean shine the object being held?', 'The body hugging garment seen here is called a what?', 'What type of skiing is this man doing?'] predictions ['a rural area', 'a cloth', 'wetsuit', 'cross country skiing'] gold_answers ['train track', 'wax', 'wetsuit', 'cross country']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 166/1262 [00:54<05:23,  3.38it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 166/1262 [00:54<05:23,  3.38it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1432/2846529 [07:55<262:38:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1432/2846529 [07:55<262:38:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a sandwich with a salad', 'hamburger', 'you would cross the street', 'del']
questions ['What type of sandwich is being served?', 'What is the meat in this photo made of?', 'What would you do if you were in the right lane?', 'Who manufactured this clock?'] predictions ['a sandwich with a salad', 'hamburger', 'you would cross the street', 'del'] gold_answers ['cucumber', 'pork', 'turn right', 'dent']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 167/1262 [00:54<05:42,  3.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 167/1262 [00:54<05:42,  3.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1433/2846529 [07:56<262:39:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1433/2846529 [07:56<262:39:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a glass cleaner', 'gray', 'herbivore', 'desktop']
questions ['What kind of cleaner would you use to keep the glass spot free?', 'What is the weather like?', 'Is the bird in the picture a carnivore or herbivore?', 'Is this a laptop or desktop?'] predictions ['a glass cleaner', 'gray', 'herbivore', 'desktop'] gold_answers ['windex', 'stormy', 'herbivore', 'desktop']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 168/1262 [00:55<05:30,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 168/1262 [00:55<05:30,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1434/2846529 [07:56<262:37:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1434/2846529 [07:56<262:37:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['right handed', 'it is a friday', 'green beans', 'fairy lights']
questions ['Is the batter left or right handed?', 'What day of the week is it?', 'What vegetable is in the casserole dish?', 'What type of lighting is shown in this picture?'] predictions ['right handed', 'it is a friday', 'green beans', 'fairy lights'] gold_answers ['right', 'sunday', 'tomato', 'christmas light']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 169/1262 [00:55<05:40,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 169/1262 [00:55<05:40,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1435/2846529 [07:56<262:37:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1435/2846529 [07:56<262:37:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['orange and white', 'cat', 'a remote control', 'a gas station']
questions ['What type of cat is this?', 'A famous of these animals does not like mondays?', 'What electronic device is being featured in this photo?', 'What gas station is pictured?'] predictions ['orange and white', 'cat', 'a remote control', 'a gas station'] gold_answers ['domestic', 'garfield', 'remote', 'shell']

Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 170/1262 [00:55<05:28,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 170/1262 [00:55<05:28,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1436/2846529 [07:57<262:35:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1436/2846529 [07:57<262:35:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['their anniversary', 'summer', 'the alps', 'wal-mart']
questions ['What could this couple be celebrating?', 'What season is it outside?', 'What mountain range is this?', 'What big box store is known for selling both of these items?'] predictions ['their anniversary', 'summer', 'the alps', 'wal-mart'] gold_answers ['anniversary', 'autumn', 'alp', 'best buy']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 171/1262 [00:56<05:27,  3.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 171/1262 [00:56<05:27,  3.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1437/2846529 [07:57<262:34:24,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1437/2846529 [07:57<262:34:25,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a boater', 'the upper atmosphere', 'pulling a plow', 'a trailer']
questions ['What would a perosn who drives one of these be called?', 'What part of the atmosphere is the object in?', 'What are the horses doing?', 'What is the semi hawling?'] predictions ['a boater', 'the upper atmosphere', 'pulling a plow', 'a trailer'] gold_answers ['captain', 'troposphere', 'plow', 'shed']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 172/1262 [00:56<05:36,  3.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 172/1262 [00:56<05:36,  3.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1438/2846529 [07:57<262:34:18,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1438/2846529 [07:57<262:34:18,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a beard with a mustache', 'alaska airways', 'a man', 'old fashioned']
questions ['Why style of beard does the man in the blue shirt have?', 'What company owns the airplane?', 'Who makes the guitar on the wall?', 'What type of bike is this?'] predictions ['a beard with a mustache', 'alaska airways', 'a man', 'old fashioned'] gold_answers ['goatee', 'star alliance', 'gibson', 'penny farthing']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 173/1262 [00:56<06:09,  2.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 173/1262 [00:56<06:09,  2.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1439/2846529 [07:58<262:36:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1439/2846529 [07:58<262:36:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are grazing', 'its trunk', 'good', 'the phillies']
questions ["Why aren't the animals eating meat?", 'What is the most valuable part of this animal?', "Is this animal's memory known to be good or poor?", 'What team has won the most world series?'] predictions ['they are grazing', 'its trunk', 'good', 'the phillies'] gold_answers ['they eat grass', 'tusk', 'good', 'yankees']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 174/1262 [00:57<05:55,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 174/1262 [00:57<05:55,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1440/2846529 [07:58<262:35:44,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1440/2846529 [07:58<262:35:44,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['short pants', 'he is at a wedding', 'taking a picture of her dog', 'a horse rider']
questions ['What type of pants is this person wearing?', 'What is this man doing today?', 'What is the woman doing?', 'What profession is the man in the picture?'] predictions ['short pants', 'he is at a wedding', 'taking a picture of her dog', 'a horse rider'] gold_answers ['short', 'get married', 'take picture', 'rancher']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 175/1262 [00:57<06:04,  2.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 175/1262 [00:57<06:04,  2.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1441/2846529 [07:58<262:36:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1441/2846529 [07:58<262:36:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is about a donut', 'sweet', 'a steam locomotive', 'rice']
questions ['What is that book about?', 'Does this food taste salty sweet sour or bitter?', 'Name the model of train shown in this picture?', 'What kind of noodles are those?'] predictions ['it is about a donut', 'sweet', 'a steam locomotive', 'rice'] gold_answers ['topology', 'sweet', 'steam locomotive', 'ramen']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 176/1262 [00:57<06:10,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 176/1262 [00:57<06:10,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1442/2846529 [07:59<262:37:14,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1442/2846529 [07:59<262:37:14,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a smoothie', 'sad', 'brown bear', 'skiing']
questions ['What can i make with this?', 'Is the person in this picture sad mad or glad?', 'What type of bear is this?', 'What outdoor activity are they prepared for?'] predictions ['a smoothie', 'sad', 'brown bear', 'skiing'] gold_answers ['smoothie', 'glad', 'grizzly', 'camp']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 177/1262 [00:58<05:39,  3.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 177/1262 [00:58<05:39,  3.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1443/2846529 [07:59<262:34:22,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1443/2846529 [07:59<262:34:23,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['men', 'police motorcycles', 'They are flying to a destination', 'u.s. 89']
questions ['Who would use these?', 'What is the model of these motorcycles?', 'Why might these animals be seen in formation?', 'What highways is this?'] predictions ['men', 'police motorcycles', 'They are flying to a destination', 'u.s. 89'] gold_answers ['men', 'harley davidson', 'migration', 'route 66']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 178/1262 [00:58<05:52,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 178/1262 [00:58<05:52,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1444/2846529 [07:59<262:35:07,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1444/2846529 [07:59<262:35:07,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the tropics', 'desk', 'to read', 'bamboo']
questions ['Where are produce like these normally grown?', 'What type of furniture are the computers sitting on?', 'What purpose do the glasses the man is wearing serve?', 'What are the baskets made of?'] predictions ['in the tropics', 'desk', 'to read', 'bamboo'] gold_answers ['tropic', 'desk', 'see better', 'wicker']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 179/1262 [00:58<05:44,  3.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 179/1262 [00:58<05:44,  3.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1445/2846529 [08:00<262:34:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1445/2846529 [08:00<262:34:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a suspension bridge', 'you can see the square thing', 'a canopy bed', 'fishing']
questions ['What kind of bridge is shown inthe background?', 'What does the square thing let you do?', 'What type of bed is this?', 'What are the vehicles in the picture used for?'] predictions ['a suspension bridge', 'you can see the square thing', 'a canopy bed', 'fishing'] gold_answers ['suspension', 'reflect', 'canopy', 'sail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 180/1262 [00:59<05:46,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 180/1262 [00:59<05:46,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1446/2846529 [08:00<262:33:50,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1446/2846529 [08:00<262:33:51,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['san diego', 'bunk bed', 'ursidae', 'space']
questions ['Name the place where the bus is shown in this picture?', 'What kind of bed system is this?', 'What is the scientific name of the animal seen here?', 'What do you think the tv program the cat is watching is about?'] predictions ['san diego', 'bunk bed', 'ursidae', 'space'] gold_answers ['arizona', 'bunk bed', 'equus quagga', 'space']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 181/1262 [00:59<05:47,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 181/1262 [00:59<05:47,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1447/2846529 [08:00<262:33:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1447/2846529 [08:00<262:33:34,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['sahara desert', 'a beard', 'english', 'sharks']
questions ['Can you guess the place name where these cattle are shown in this picture?', "What is the patch of hair growing along this man's ear called?", 'What language is the writing in?', 'What animal do these sportsmen often get attacked by?'] predictions ['sahara desert', 'a beard', 'english', 'sharks'] gold_answers ['ranch', 'sideburn', 'english', 'shark']

Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 182/1262 [00:59<05:40,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 182/1262 [00:59<05:40,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1448/2846529 [08:01<262:32:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1448/2846529 [08:01<262:32:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a garbage company', 'a country in the middle east', 'tail', 'american airlines']
questions ['What company does this truck work for?', 'What country are these people in?', 'The long trailing part of this flying object is called a what?', 'What company is this brand for?'] predictions ['a garbage company', 'a country in the middle east', 'tail', 'american airlines'] gold_answers ['waste management', 'iceland', 'tail', 'american airline']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 183/1262 [01:00<05:52,  3.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 183/1262 [01:00<05:52,  3.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1449/2846529 [08:01<262:33:11,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1449/2846529 [08:01<262:33:11,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['paper', '1890', 'a lot', 'carpet']
questions ['What material is burning?', 'When was this building made?', 'How many kids can fit inside the bus?', 'What is the piece of decorative fabric called that the cat is sitting on?'] predictions ['paper', '1890', 'a lot', 'carpet'] gold_answers ['wax', '1899', '50', 'rug']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 184/1262 [01:00<05:25,  3.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 184/1262 [01:00<05:25,  3.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1450/2846529 [08:01<262:30:21,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1450/2846529 [08:01<262:30:22,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['to be used for military purposes', 'a beer', 'jet fuel', 'a double decker bus']
questions ['What is the primary purpose of the vehicles in this image?', 'What kind of beer is in the photo?', 'What type of fuel do jets use?', 'What ride is in the middle of the photo?'] predictions ['to be used for military purposes', 'a beer', 'jet fuel', 'a double decker bus'] gold_answers ['fly', 'craft', 'jet fuel', 'ferris wheel']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 185/1262 [01:00<05:35,  3.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 185/1262 [01:00<05:35,  3.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1451/2846529 [08:01<262:30:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1451/2846529 [08:01<262:30:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['donut', 'reflectance', 'tusks', 'a court']
questions ['What shape is the consistent in this picture?', "What is the property that allows images to be seen on an object's surface like the ornament's?", 'What are the white things under the trunk called?', "Do you think that it is more likely that this is a court or someone's home?"] predictions ['donut', 'reflectance', 'tusks', 'a court'] gold_answers ['circle', 'reflection', 'tusk', 'court']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 186/1262 [01:00<05:31,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 186/1262 [01:00<05:31,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1452/2846529 [08:02<262:29:18,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1452/2846529 [08:02<262:29:18,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a large number of sand dunes', 'food', 'jets', 'a suit jacket']
questions ['Khol is known for these?', 'What does this company provide?', 'What kind of aircraft are seen in this picture?', 'What type of jacket is this person wearing?'] predictions ['a large number of sand dunes', 'food', 'jets', 'a suit jacket'] gold_answers ['sink', 'spark plug', 'jet', 'suit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 187/1262 [01:01<06:13,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 187/1262 [01:01<06:13,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1453/2846529 [08:02<262:32:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1453/2846529 [08:02<262:32:49,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in the closet', 'to keep people safe', 'english', 'his wife']
questions ['Where should you put your valuables when staying here?', 'What is the colorful object used for?', 'What language is the sign in?', 'Is this his wife or sister?'] predictions ['in the closet', 'to keep people safe', 'english', 'his wife'] gold_answers ['safe', 'water', 'french', 'sister']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 188/1262 [01:01<05:49,  3.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 188/1262 [01:01<05:49,  3.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1454/2846529 [08:02<262:30:53,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1454/2846529 [08:02<262:30:54,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is not fast', 'kohler', 'a bed', 'the east coast']
questions ['How fast can one of these travel?', 'Who makes that sink faucet?', 'What is stuffed inside that furniture?', 'What coast is this?'] predictions ['it is not fast', 'kohler', 'a bed', 'the east coast'] gold_answers ['100 mph', 'kohler', 'foam', 'new england']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 189/1262 [01:01<05:32,  3.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 189/1262 [01:01<05:32,  3.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1455/2846529 [08:03<262:28:57,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1455/2846529 [08:03<262:28:58,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they are high', 'barber school', 'a train station', 'john f. kennedy']
questions ['How high are they?', 'What is the type of school one must attend to professionally perform the action shown in the photo?', 'What type of building is this?', 'Who invented the yellow and black item?'] predictions ['they are high', 'barber school', 'a train station', 'john f. kennedy'] gold_answers ['very high', 'cosmetology', 'skyscraper', 'samuel fox']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 190/1262 [01:02<06:14,  2.86it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 190/1262 [01:02<06:14,  2.86it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1456/2846529 [08:03<262:32:30,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1456/2846529 [08:03<262:32:31,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a mule', 'skiing, snowboarding, ice skating, and ice fishing', 'a teddy bear', 'to communicate with others']
questions ['What breed of horse is that?', 'What are some other popular activities to do here?', 'What sort of animal is represented by the toy figure in this photo?', 'What could these electronics be used for?'] predictions ['a mule', 'skiing, snowboarding, ice skating, and ice fishing', 'a teddy bear', 'to communicate with others'] gold_answers ['clydesdale', 'ski', 'bear', 'computer']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 191/1262 [01:02<07:10,  2.49it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 191/1262 [01:02<07:10,  2.49it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1457/2846529 [08:04<262:38:46,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1457/2846529 [08:04<262:38:46,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is a police officer', 'use them to brush your teeth', 'pulled pork', 'a lot']
questions ['Why he is having an orange vest?', 'What can you do with the items pictured?', 'What is the meat called on the sandwich?', 'How many people can fit inside the stadium in the photo?'] predictions ['he is a police officer', 'use them to brush your teeth', 'pulled pork', 'a lot'] gold_answers ['safety', 'brush teeth', 'pulled pork', '20000']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 192/1262 [01:03<06:55,  2.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 192/1262 [01:03<06:55,  2.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1458/2846529 [08:04<262:39:32,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1458/2846529 [08:04<262:39:33,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['it is stopped at a stop sign', 'a hawk', 'a wet suit is made from a wetsuit material', 'biscuits']
questions ["Why isn't the car moving?", 'What is the name of the bird in this picture?', 'What material is the wet suit made from?', 'These round edible items are called what in england?'] predictions ['it is stopped at a stop sign', 'a hawk', 'a wet suit is made from a wetsuit material', 'biscuits'] gold_answers ['stoplight', 'eagle', 'rubber', 'biscuit']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 193/1262 [01:03<07:46,  2.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 193/1262 [01:03<07:46,  2.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1459/2846529 [08:05<262:46:35,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1459/2846529 [08:05<262:46:35,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['brown bear', 'firefighter', 'honda cbr 125', 'a door']
questions ['What breed of bear is this?', 'What is the employment of these people?', 'Name the bike model shown in this picture?', 'What is outside of the window?'] predictions ['brown bear', 'firefighter', 'honda cbr 125', 'a door'] gold_answers ['grizzly', 'firefight', 'yamaha', 'bench']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 194/1262 [01:04<07:27,  2.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 194/1262 [01:04<07:27,  2.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1460/2846529 [08:05<262:48:04,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1460/2846529 [08:05<262:48:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['an owl', 'apple slicer', 'the us open', 'over a million']
questions ['What is the picture in the food?', 'What is the name of the white device in the photo?', 'What event is this?', 'How many people ride this mode of transportation in europe?'] predictions ['an owl', 'apple slicer', 'the us open', 'over a million'] gold_answers ['angry bird', 'slicer', 'tennis match', 'million']

Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 195/1262 [01:04<06:39,  2.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 195/1262 [01:04<06:39,  2.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1461/2846529 [08:05<262:46:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1461/2846529 [08:05<262:46:01,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['light reflected from the lights', 'a floral pattern', 'the thomas train', 'passengers']
questions ['What causes auras around traffic lights when photos are taken at night?', 'There are two girls in the forefront of this photo the one on the left has no type of pattern on her clothing but what design is on the girls on the right?', 'What is the name of the famous train pictured?', 'What are the individuals inside of this vehicle called?'] predictions ['light reflected from the lights', 'a floral pattern', 'the thomas train', 'passengers'] gold_answers ['glare', 'floral', 'thomas', 'passenger']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 196/1262 [01:04<06:23,  2.78it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 196/1262 [01:04<06:23,  2.78it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1462/2846529 [08:06<262:45:47,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1462/2846529 [08:06<262:45:48,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['june', 'silver', 'motorcycle clubs', 'in dubai']
questions ['What month is this?', 'What is the complimentary color to the bike?', 'What groups do persons who ride these vehicles usually belong to?', 'Where might i see these?'] predictions ['june', 'silver', 'motorcycle clubs', 'in dubai'] gold_answers ['march', 'silver', 'gang', 'air show']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 197/1262 [01:05<05:46,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 197/1262 [01:05<05:46,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1463/2846529 [08:06<262:42:55,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1463/2846529 [08:06<262:42:55,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a shepherd', 'a few', 'picture book', 'the plate']
questions ['What breed of dog is this?', 'How many of these animals remain in the wild?', 'Would this child be more likely to enjoy a picture book or one with only words?', 'The man is indicating what to the obeserver?'] predictions ['a shepherd', 'a few', 'picture book', 'the plate'] gold_answers ['collie', 'thousand', 'picture', 'be quiet']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 198/1262 [01:05<05:18,  3.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 198/1262 [01:05<05:18,  3.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1464/2846529 [08:06<262:39:57,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1464/2846529 [08:06<262:39:57,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['1915', 'the man with the white shirt', 'water', 'striped']
questions ['Based on the clothing what year was this picture taken?', 'Judging by this picture who might we suspect is winning?', 'What do people throw in these round objects?', 'What kind of pattern does the cat have?'] predictions ['1915', 'the man with the white shirt', 'water', 'striped'] gold_answers ['1930', 'white shirt', 'coin', 'striped']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 199/1262 [01:05<05:27,  3.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 199/1262 [01:05<05:27,  3.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1465/2846529 [08:06<262:39:45,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1465/2846529 [08:06<262:39:46,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ["it's night", 'to tell the time', 'train tracks', 'it has a lot of protein']
questions ['What time of day is it?', 'What purpose is there to having all of these clocks on the wall?', 'What types of tracks are these in the photo?', 'How much protein is in this meal?'] predictions ["it's night", 'to tell the time', 'train tracks', 'it has a lot of protein'] gold_answers ['dusk', 'time zone', 'railroad', 'lot']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 200/1262 [01:05<05:41,  3.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 200/1262 [01:05<05:41,  3.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1466/2846529 [08:07<262:40:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1466/2846529 [08:07<262:40:26,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['dr. pepper', 'on the beach', 'apple pie', 'a small boat']
questions ['What manufacturer sells that brand soda?', 'Where are these kites?', 'This sport is often spoken of as being as american as what dessert?', 'What type of boat is this?'] predictions ['dr. pepper', 'on the beach', 'apple pie', 'a small boat'] gold_answers ['pepsi', 'sky', 'apple pie', 'sail']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 201/1262 [01:06<05:33,  3.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 201/1262 [01:06<05:33,  3.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1467/2846529 [08:07<262:39:17,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1467/2846529 [08:07<262:39:17,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a heron', 'in a restaurant', 'corded', 'coffee shop']
questions ['What type of bird is this?', 'Where is this lady having lunch?', 'Does this computer have a corded or cordless mouse?', 'What style of restaurant is this kitchen a part of?'] predictions ['a heron', 'in a restaurant', 'corded', 'coffee shop'] gold_answers ['heron', 'outside', 'cordless', 'fast food']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 202/1262 [01:06<05:18,  3.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 202/1262 [01:06<05:18,  3.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1468/2846529 [08:07<262:37:15,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1468/2846529 [08:07<262:37:15,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['luggage', 'a shepherd dog', 'bananas', 'a meal']
questions ['What are all the things sitting in front of the red truck?', 'What breed of dog is that dog?', 'What type of fruits are shown in the picture?', 'What is this woman preparing in the photo?'] predictions ['luggage', 'a shepherd dog', 'bananas', 'a meal'] gold_answers ['luggage', 'collie', 'banana and grape', 'sweet potato']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 203/1262 [01:06<05:09,  3.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 203/1262 [01:06<05:09,  3.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1469/2846529 [08:08<262:35:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1469/2846529 [08:08<262:35:16,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a lot', 'thin crust', 'it is very fast', 'mozzarella cheese']
questions ['How many calories are in this dish?', 'What kind of crust does this pizza have?', 'How fast does this train move?', 'What is this pizza cheese made from?'] predictions ['a lot', 'thin crust', 'it is very fast', 'mozzarella cheese'] gold_answers ['1500', 'thick', 'very', 'cow milk']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 204/1262 [01:07<05:01,  3.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 204/1262 [01:07<05:01,  3.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1470/2846529 [08:08<262:33:15,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1470/2846529 [08:08<262:33:15,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['far sighted', 'mud', 'in a city', 'a remote control']
questions ['Based on the refraction in the image explain if this man is far sighted or near sighted?', 'What do these animals eat?', 'Where can you find a stop like this?', "What long strap is attached to the object around the animal's neck?"] predictions ['far sighted', 'mud', 'in a city', 'a remote control'] gold_answers ['near sighted', 'plant', 'train station', 'leash']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 205/1262 [01:07<04:56,  3.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 205/1262 [01:07<04:56,  3.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1471/2846529 [08:08<262:31:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1471/2846529 [08:08<262:31:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['they contain vitamin c', 'tulips', 'water', 'cupcakes']
questions ['What healthy properties do these fruit contain?', 'What kind of plant is this?', 'What is being hauled in this train?', 'What are these snacks called?'] predictions ['they contain vitamin c', 'tulips', 'water', 'cupcakes'] gold_answers ['vitamin', 'flower', 'oil', 'cupcake']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 206/1262 [01:07<05:01,  3.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 206/1262 [01:07<05:01,  3.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1472/2846529 [08:08<262:30:05,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1472/2846529 [08:08<262:30:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['chinese', 'graffiti', 'thomas e. taylor', 'about a foot']
questions ['What language are the signs in?', 'What tool is usedd for this type of art?', 'Who invented this item?', 'How long is this animals tongue on average?'] predictions ['chinese', 'graffiti', 'thomas e. taylor', 'about a foot'] gold_answers ['mandarin', 'spray paint', 'richard trevithick', '20 inches']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 207/1262 [01:08<06:06,  2.88it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 207/1262 [01:08<06:06,  2.88it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1473/2846529 [08:09<262:35:12,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1473/2846529 [08:09<262:35:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a tabby', 'omnivorous', 'mustard', 'they are messy']
questions ['What breed of cat is the one laying indoors?', 'Are these animals carnivorous herbivorous or omnivorous?', 'Which of the condiment in the picture is a traditional burger fixing?', 'What does a messy desk like this say about a person?'] predictions ['a tabby', 'omnivorous', 'mustard', 'they are messy'] gold_answers ['house cat', 'herbivorous', 'mustard', 'disorganized']

Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 208/1262 [01:08<05:41,  3.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 208/1262 [01:08<05:41,  3.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1474/2846529 [08:09<262:33:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1474/2846529 [08:09<262:33:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['john mccartney', 'steamed', 'black', 'a broken arm']
questions ['Who directed the film whose one word title also describes this image?', 'Are vegetables and meats more healthy if they are boiled or if they are steamed?', 'What is the main color tint of this photo?', 'What is a common injury found in people engaging in this sport?'] predictions ['john mccartney', 'steamed', 'black', 'a broken arm'] gold_answers ['hitchcock', 'steamed', 'sepia', 'broken leg']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 209/1262 [01:08<05:58,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 209/1262 [01:08<05:58,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1475/2846529 [08:10<262:34:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1475/2846529 [08:10<262:34:44,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['he is waiting for a bus', 'white bread', 'they are not specified', 'a vegetable burger']
questions ['Why is the guy on the stool?', 'What type of bread is the sandwich made on?', 'How much do these boats weigh?', 'Name the dish which can be prepared using these vegetables?'] predictions ['he is waiting for a bus', 'white bread', 'they are not specified', 'a vegetable burger'] gold_answers ['speak', 'croissant', '5 tons', 'hot dog']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 210/1262 [01:09<06:10,  2.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 210/1262 [01:09<06:10,  2.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1476/2846529 [08:10<262:36:13,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1476/2846529 [08:10<262:36:14,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['polar bears are endangered by climate change', 'horse riding', 'beginner', 'olives']
questions ['What phenomena has endangered the habitat of this animal?', 'This gentleman is dressed for what sport?', 'Is this surfer a beginner intermediate or advanced?', 'What type of vegetable is on this pizza?'] predictions ['polar bears are endangered by climate change', 'horse riding', 'beginner', 'olives'] gold_answers ['global warm', 'polo', 'advanced', 'olives']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 211/1262 [01:09<06:27,  2.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 211/1262 [01:09<06:27,  2.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1477/2846529 [08:10<262:38:38,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1477/2846529 [08:10<262:38:38,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['George Washington', 'a drink', 'white picket fence', 'the average wage for these workers is about $30,000 per year']
questions ['What famous founding father was known for his association with this object?', 'What type of beverage is pictured?', 'What kind of fence is this?', 'What is the average wage for these workers?'] predictions ['George Washington', 'a drink', 'white picket fence', 'the average wage for these workers is about $30,000 per year'] gold_answers ['benjamin franklin', 'tea', 'picket', 'minimum']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 212/1262 [01:10<07:05,  2.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 212/1262 [01:10<07:05,  2.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1478/2846529 [08:11<262:43:40,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1478/2846529 [08:11<262:43:40,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['in a store', 'the 1990s', 'carrot', 'hiking']
questions ['Where could you sell an item like this?', 'From what decade might this laptop be from?', 'This cake contains what vegatable?', 'What activity is this?'] predictions ['in a store', 'the 1990s', 'carrot', 'hiking'] gold_answers ['ebay', "2000's", 'carrot', 'hike']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 213/1262 [01:10<06:23,  2.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 213/1262 [01:10<06:23,  2.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1479/2846529 [08:11<262:41:46,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1479/2846529 [08:11<262:41:46,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['cafeteria', 'monitors', 'a cell phone', 'watching tv']
questions ['Where in school would you find this?', 'What are the screens called?', 'What kind of electronic device is used in this picture?', 'What activity is usually done sitting in those furniture?'] predictions ['cafeteria', 'monitors', 'a cell phone', 'watching tv'] gold_answers ['cafeteria', 'monitor', 'phone', 'watch tv']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 214/1262 [01:10<05:53,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 214/1262 [01:10<05:53,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1480/2846529 [08:11<262:39:51,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1480/2846529 [08:11<262:39:51,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a long time', 'old fashioned trains', 'safe', 'sit and relax']
questions ['How long does this animal usually live?', 'What type of trains are these?', 'Is it safe or unsafe in this park at night?', 'What do people do in this room?'] predictions ['a long time', 'old fashioned trains', 'safe', 'sit and relax'] gold_answers ['16 years', 'steam', 'unsafe', 'relax']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 215/1262 [01:10<05:32,  3.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 215/1262 [01:10<05:32,  3.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1481/2846529 [08:12<262:37:55,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1481/2846529 [08:12<262:37:55,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['western', 'a bear', 'teflon', 'a dog']
questions ['In what kind of movies would a man wear a hat like this while riding a horse?', 'In this image what believes soup is too hot too cold and just right?', 'Who was the first company to make this type of glove?', 'What is the scientific name for the animal in the picture?'] predictions ['western', 'a bear', 'teflon', 'a dog'] gold_answers ['western', 'goldilocks', 'rawlings', 'canine']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 216/1262 [01:11<05:35,  3.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 216/1262 [01:11<05:35,  3.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1482/2846529 [08:12<262:37:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1482/2846529 [08:12<262:37:43,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['a baseball cap', 'a sandwich with meat and vegetables', 'it is a suitcase', 'a lot']
questions ['What type of hat is the man wearing?', 'What type of sandwich is this?', 'What is the name of this bag?', 'How many people can each of these ships hold?'] predictions ['a baseball cap', 'a sandwich with meat and vegetables', 'it is a suitcase', 'a lot'] gold_answers ['fedora', 'blt', 'suitcase', '5000']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 217/1262 [01:11<05:44,  3.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 217/1262 [01:11<05:44,  3.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1483/2846529 [08:12<262:38:20,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1483/2846529 [08:12<262:38:21,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['roses', 'day', 'horse race', 'a sandwhich']
questions ['What type of flower is this?', 'Is this meeting taking place during the day or night?', 'What kind of event is this?', 'This type of sandwich held together by tooth picks is frequently referred to as a what type of sandwich?'] predictions ['roses', 'day', 'horse race', 'a sandwhich'] gold_answers ['rose', 'day', 'horse race', 'reuben']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 218/1262 [01:11<05:42,  3.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 218/1262 [01:11<05:42,  3.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1484/2846529 [08:13<262:38:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1484/2846529 [08:13<262:38:06,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]generated_text ['berries', 'a smart phone', 'digestive system', 'It is made by putting the dough in a pan and then cutting it into slices']
questions ['What kind of food does this bird favor?', 'What type of cell phone is in the photo?', 'The fruit before you is good for which parts of the body?', 'How is this made?'] predictions ['berries', 'a smart phone', 'digestive system', 'It is made by putting the dough in a pan and then cutting it into slices'] gold_answers ['worm', 'flip', 'immune system', 'in oven']

Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 219/1262 [01:12<07:23,  2.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 219/1262 [01:12<07:23,  2.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1485/2846529 [08:13<262:48:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1485/2846529 [08:13<262:48:19,  3.01it/s, loss=7.75, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5]