Namespace(DATA_FOLDER='', EXPERIMENT_FOLDER='', accelerator='auto', accumulate_grad_batches=None, amp_backend='native', amp_level=None, auto_lr_find=False, auto_scale_batch_size=False, auto_select_gpus=False, benchmark=None, check_val_every_n_epoch=1, checkpoint_callback=None, config='../configs/okvqa/T5_NoDPR_blip2.jsonnet', default_root_dir=None, detect_anomaly=False, deterministic=None, devices='1', enable_checkpointing=True, enable_model_summary=True, enable_progress_bar=True, experiment_name='blip2_test', fast_dev_run=False, flush_logs_every_n_steps=None, gpus=None, gradient_clip_algorithm=None, gradient_clip_val=None, ipus=None, limit_predict_batches=None, limit_test_batches=None, limit_train_batches=None, limit_val_batches=None, log_every_n_steps=50, log_gpu_memory=None, log_prediction_tables=False, logger=True, max_epochs=None, max_steps=-1, max_time=None, min_epochs=None, min_steps=None, mode='train', modules=[], move_metrics_to_cpu=False, multiple_trainloader_mode='max_size_cycle', num_nodes=1, num_processes=None, num_sanity_val_steps=5, opts=['train.epochs=10', 'train.batch_size=2', 'valid.step_size=2', 'valid.batch_size=4', 'train.additional.gradient_accumulation_steps=16', 'train.lr=0.00006', 'train.MLP_lr=0.0003', 'train.scheduler=linear'], overfit_batches=0.0, plugins=None, precision=32, prepare_data_per_node=None, process_position=0, profiler=None, progress_bar_refresh_rate=None, reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs=0, replace_sampler_ddp=True, reset=False, resume_from_checkpoint=None, stochastic_weight_avg=False, strategy=None, sync_batchnorm=False, tags=[], terminate_on_nan=None, test_batch_size=-1, test_evaluation_name='', tpu_cores=None, track_grad_norm=-1, val_check_interval=None, weights_save_path=None, weights_summary='top')
input value {} is not a number, parse to string.
{'DATA_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data', 'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments', 'TENSORBOARD_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs', 'WANDB': {'CACHE_DIR': '', 'entity': 'xl544', 'project': 'RAVQA', 'tags': ['OKVQA']}, 'cache': {'default_folder': '../data/ok-vqa/cache', 'regenerate': {'clip_embeddings': 0, 'ocr_feature_preprocessed': 0, 'qformer_embeddings': 0, 'raw_pixels': 0, 'test_data_preprocessed': 0, 'test_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0, 'train_data_preprocessed': 0, 'train_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0, 'vinvl_feature_preprocessed': 0}}, 'cuda': 0, 'data_loader': {'additional': {'max_decoder_source_length': 512, 'max_source_length': 512, 'max_target_length': 10}, 'dataset_modules': {'module_dict': {'LoadClipEmbeddings': {'config': {'clip_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_train2014.pkl', 'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_val2014.pkl'}, 'qformer_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_train2014.pkl', 'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_val2014.pkl'}, 'raw_pixels': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_train2014.pkl', 'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_val2014.pkl'}}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'EmbeddingInput'}, 'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures': {'config': {'combine_with_vinvl': True, 'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/valid', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/train'}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures'}, 'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations': {'config': {'annotations_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_test.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_train.json', 'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_testdev.json'}}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations'}, 'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData': {'config': {'passage_data_path': {'full': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_full_corpus.csv', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_train_corpus.csv'}, 'use_full_split': True}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData'}, 'LoadOKVQAData': {'config': {'image_data_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/val2014', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/train2014'}, 'vqa_data_path': {'annotation_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_val2014_annotations.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_train2014_annotations.json'}, 'question_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_val2014_questions.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_train2014_questions.json'}}}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadOKVQAData'}, 'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/test_predictions.json', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/train_predictions.json', 'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/valid_predictions.json'}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures'}, 'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage': {'config': {'pretrained_dpr_outputs': {'test': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/test_predictions.json', 'train': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/train_predictions.json'}}, 'option': 'none', 'type': 'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage'}, 'LoadVinVLFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_testset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv', 'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_trainset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv'}, 'option': 'default', 'type': 'LoadVinVLFeatures'}}, 'module_list': ['LoadOKVQAData']}, 'dataset_type': 'OKVQADatasetBLIP2', 'dummy_dataloader': 0, 'type': 'DataLoaderBLIP2'}, 'experiment_name': 'blip2_test', 'gpu_device': 0, 'ignore_pretrained_weights': [], 'metrics': [{'name': 'compute_okvqa_scores'}], 'model_config': {'ConfigClass': 'T5Config', 'GeneratorModelClass': 'Blip2Processor', 'LoadPretrainMLPs': 0, 'ModelClass': 'PrefixModelBLIP2', 'ModelVersion': 'Salesforce/blip2-flan-t5-xl', 'SPECIAL_TOKENS': {'additional_special_tokens': ['<BOQ>', '<EOQ>'], 'bos_token': '<PAD>', 'pad_token': '<PAD>'}, 'TokenizerClass': 'T5Tokenizer', 'TokenizerModelVersion': 't5-large', 'UsePrefixEmb': 0, 'UseQformerEmb': 0, 'UseRawPixels': 1, 'base_model': 'T5', 'decoder_input_modules': {'module_list': [], 'postprocess_module_list': []}, 'input_modules': {'module_list': [{'option': 'default', 'separation_tokens': {'end': '<EOQ>', 'start': '<BOQ>'}, 'type': 'QuestionInput'}], 'postprocess_module_list': []}, 'loss_ratio': {'additional_loss': 0, 'nll_loss': 1, 'rag_loss': 0}, 'modules': [], 'output_modules': {'module_list': [], 'postprocess_module_list': []}, 'pretrained': 1, 'rag_modules': {'module_list': []}}, 'platform_type': 'pytorch', 'seed': 2021, 'test': {'additional': {'multiprocessing': 4}, 'batch_size': 32, 'evaluation_name': 'test_evaluation', 'load_best_model': 0, 'load_epoch': -1, 'load_model_path': '', 'num_evaluation': 0}, 'train': {'MLP_lr': 0.0003, 'adam_epsilon': 1e-08, 'additional': {'gradient_accumulation_steps': 16, 'gradient_clipping': 0, 'plugins': [], 'save_top_k': 1, 'save_top_k_metric': 'test/accuracy_overall', 'save_top_k_mode': 'max', 'warmup_steps': 0}, 'batch_size': 2, 'epochs': 10, 'load_best_model': 0, 'load_epoch': -1, 'load_model_path': '', 'lr': 6e-05, 'retriever_lr': 1e-05, 'save_interval': 1, 'scheduler': 'linear', 'type': 'BLIP2Executor'}, 'valid': {'additional': {}, 'batch_size': 4, 'break_interval': 3000, 'step_size': 2}, 'reset': False, 'mode': 'train', 'log_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train', 'experiment_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test', 'saved_model_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/saved_model', 'imgs_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/imgs', 'tensorboard_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs/blip2_test', 'args': {'config': '../configs/okvqa/T5_NoDPR_blip2.jsonnet', 'DATA_FOLDER': '', 'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '', 'mode': 'train', 'reset': False, 'experiment_name': 'blip2_test', 'tags': [], 'modules': [], 'log_prediction_tables': False, 'test_batch_size': -1, 'test_evaluation_name': '', 'logger': True, 'checkpoint_callback': None, 'enable_checkpointing': True, 'default_root_dir': None, 'gradient_clip_val': None, 'gradient_clip_algorithm': None, 'process_position': 0, 'num_nodes': 1, 'num_processes': None, 'devices': '1', 'gpus': None, 'auto_select_gpus': False, 'tpu_cores': None, 'ipus': None, 'log_gpu_memory': None, 'progress_bar_refresh_rate': None, 'enable_progress_bar': True, 'overfit_batches': 0.0, 'track_grad_norm': -1, 'check_val_every_n_epoch': 1, 'fast_dev_run': False, 'accumulate_grad_batches': None, 'max_epochs': None, 'min_epochs': None, 'max_steps': -1, 'min_steps': None, 'max_time': None, 'limit_train_batches': None, 'limit_val_batches': None, 'limit_test_batches': None, 'limit_predict_batches': None, 'val_check_interval': None, 'flush_logs_every_n_steps': None, 'log_every_n_steps': 50, 'accelerator': 'auto', 'strategy': None, 'sync_batchnorm': False, 'precision': 32, 'enable_model_summary': True, 'weights_summary': 'top', 'weights_save_path': None, 'num_sanity_val_steps': 5, 'resume_from_checkpoint': None, 'profiler': None, 'benchmark': None, 'deterministic': None, 'reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs': 0, 'auto_lr_find': False, 'replace_sampler_ddp': True, 'detect_anomaly': False, 'auto_scale_batch_size': False, 'prepare_data_per_node': None, 'plugins': None, 'amp_backend': 'native', 'amp_level': None, 'move_metrics_to_cpu': False, 'multiple_trainloader_mode': 'max_size_cycle', 'stochastic_weight_avg': False, 'terminate_on_nan': None, 'opts': ['train.epochs=10', 'train.batch_size=2', 'valid.step_size=2', 'valid.batch_size=4', 'train.additional.gradient_accumulation_steps=16', 'train.lr=0.00006', 'train.MLP_lr=0.0003', 'train.scheduler=linear']}}
['/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train', '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/saved_model', '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/imgs', '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs/blip2_test']
{'DATA_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data',
 'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments',
 'TENSORBOARD_FOLDER': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs',
 'WANDB': {'entity': 'xl544',
           'id': 'gp8vta5s',
           'name': 'blip2_test',
           'project': 'RAVQA',
           'resume': 'must',
           'tags': ['OKVQA', 'T5']},
 'args': {'DATA_FOLDER': '',
          'EXPERIMENT_FOLDER': '',
          'accelerator': 'auto',
          'accumulate_grad_batches': None,
          'amp_backend': 'native',
          'amp_level': None,
          'auto_lr_find': False,
          'auto_scale_batch_size': False,
          'auto_select_gpus': False,
          'benchmark': None,
          'check_val_every_n_epoch': 1,
          'checkpoint_callback': None,
          'config': '../configs/okvqa/T5_NoDPR_blip2.jsonnet',
          'default_root_dir': None,
          'detect_anomaly': False,
          'deterministic': None,
          'devices': '1',
          'enable_checkpointing': True,
          'enable_model_summary': True,
          'enable_progress_bar': True,
          'experiment_name': 'blip2_test',
          'fast_dev_run': False,
          'flush_logs_every_n_steps': None,
          'gpus': None,
          'gradient_clip_algorithm': None,
          'gradient_clip_val': None,
          'ipus': None,
          'limit_predict_batches': None,
          'limit_test_batches': None,
          'limit_train_batches': None,
          'limit_val_batches': None,
          'log_every_n_steps': 50,
          'log_gpu_memory': None,
          'log_prediction_tables': False,
          'logger': True,
          'max_epochs': None,
          'max_steps': -1,
          'max_time': None,
          'min_epochs': None,
          'min_steps': None,
          'mode': 'train',
          'modules': [],
          'move_metrics_to_cpu': False,
          'multiple_trainloader_mode': 'max_size_cycle',
          'num_nodes': 1,
          'num_processes': None,
          'num_sanity_val_steps': 5,
          'opts': ['train.epochs=10',
                   'train.batch_size=2',
                   'valid.step_size=2',
                   'valid.batch_size=4',
                   'train.additional.gradient_accumulation_steps=16',
                   'train.lr=0.00006',
                   'train.MLP_lr=0.0003',
                   'train.scheduler=linear'],
          'overfit_batches': 0.0,
          'plugins': None,
          'precision': 32,
          'prepare_data_per_node': None,
          'process_position': 0,
          'profiler': None,
          'progress_bar_refresh_rate': None,
          'reload_dataloaders_every_n_epochs': 0,
          'replace_sampler_ddp': True,
          'reset': False,
          'resume_from_checkpoint': None,
          'stochastic_weight_avg': False,
          'strategy': None,
          'sync_batchnorm': False,
          'tags': [],
          'terminate_on_nan': None,
          'test_batch_size': -1,
          'test_evaluation_name': '',
          'tpu_cores': None,
          'track_grad_norm': -1,
          'val_check_interval': None,
          'weights_save_path': None,
          'weights_summary': 'top'},
 'cache': {'default_folder': '../data/ok-vqa/cache',
           'regenerate': {'clip_embeddings': 0,
                          'ocr_feature_preprocessed': 0,
                          'qformer_embeddings': 0,
                          'raw_pixels': 0,
                          'test_data_preprocessed': 0,
                          'test_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0,
                          'train_data_preprocessed': 0,
                          'train_data_preprocessed_BLIP2': 0,
                          'vinvl_feature_preprocessed': 0}},
 'cuda': 0,
 'data_loader': {'additional': {'max_decoder_source_length': 512,
                                'max_source_length': 512,
                                'max_target_length': 10},
                 'dataset_modules': {'module_dict': {'LoadClipEmbeddings': {'config': {'clip_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_train2014.pkl',
                                                                                                           'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/clip_embeddings/coco_ViT-L_14@336px_val2014.pkl'},
                                                                                       'qformer_embeddings': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_train2014.pkl',
                                                                                                              'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/blip2_head_embeddings/coco_hgface_qformer_val2014.pkl'},
                                                                                       'raw_pixels': {'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_train2014.pkl',
                                                                                                      'val': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/raw-pixels/okvqa_raw_pixels_val2014.pkl'}},
                                                                            'option': 'default',
                                                                            'type': 'EmbeddingInput'},
                                                     'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures': {'config': {'combine_with_vinvl': True,
                                                                                          'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/valid',
                                                                                          'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/OCR/train'},
                                                                               'option': 'default',
                                                                               'type': 'LoadGoogleOCRFeatures'},
                                                     'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations': {'config': {'annotations_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_test.json',
                                                                                                                     'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_train.json',
                                                                                                                     'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/retriever_testdev.json'}},
                                                                                     'option': 'default',
                                                                                     'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchAnnotations'},
                                                     'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData': {'config': {'passage_data_path': {'full': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_full_corpus.csv',
                                                                                                                      'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/passages/okvqa_train_corpus.csv'},
                                                                                                'use_full_split': True},
                                                                                     'option': 'default',
                                                                                     'type': 'LoadGoogleSearchPassageData'},
                                                     'LoadOKVQAData': {'config': {'image_data_path': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/val2014',
                                                                                                      'train': '../data/ok-vqa/train2014'},
                                                                                  'vqa_data_path': {'annotation_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_val2014_annotations.json',
                                                                                                                         'train': '../data/ok-vqa/mscoco_train2014_annotations.json'},
                                                                                                    'question_files': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_val2014_questions.json',
                                                                                                                       'train': '../data/ok-vqa/OpenEnded_mscoco_train2014_questions.json'}}},
                                                                       'option': 'default',
                                                                       'type': 'LoadOKVQAData'},
                                                     'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/test_predictions.json',
                                                                                             'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/train_predictions.json',
                                                                                             'valid': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/captions/valid_predictions.json'},
                                                                                  'option': 'default',
                                                                                  'type': 'LoadOscarCaptionFeatures'},
                                                     'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage': {'config': {'pretrained_dpr_outputs': {'test': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/test_predictions.json',
                                                                                                                                             'train': '../Experiments/Knowledge_Retriever_DPR_dim_768_inbatch_negative_caption_FullCorpus_NewRun/test/test_evaluation/train_predictions.json'}},
                                                                                                       'option': 'none',
                                                                                                       'type': 'LoadPretrainedDPROutputForGoogleSearchPassage'},
                                                     'LoadVinVLFeatures': {'config': {'test': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_testset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv',
                                                                                      'train': '../data/ok-vqa/pre-extracted_features/vinvl_output/vinvl_okvqa_trainset_full/inference/vinvl_vg_x152c4/predictions.tsv'},
                                                                           'option': 'default',
                                                                           'type': 'LoadVinVLFeatures'}},
                                     'module_list': ['LoadOKVQAData']},
                 'dataset_type': 'OKVQADatasetBLIP2',
                 'dummy_dataloader': 0,
                 'type': 'DataLoaderBLIP2'},
 'experiment_name': 'blip2_test',
 'experiment_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test',
 'gpu_device': 0,
 'ignore_pretrained_weights': [],
 'imgs_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/imgs',
 'log_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train',
 'metrics': [{'name': 'compute_okvqa_scores'}],
 'mode': 'train',
 'model_config': {'ConfigClass': 'T5Config',
                  'GeneratorModelClass': 'Blip2Processor',
                  'LoadPretrainMLPs': 0,
                  'ModelClass': 'PrefixModelBLIP2',
                  'ModelVersion': 'Salesforce/blip2-flan-t5-xl',
                  'SPECIAL_TOKENS': {'additional_special_tokens': ['<BOQ>',
                                                                   '<EOQ>'],
                                     'bos_token': '<PAD>',
                                     'pad_token': '<PAD>'},
                  'TokenizerClass': 'T5Tokenizer',
                  'TokenizerModelVersion': 't5-large',
                  'UsePrefixEmb': 0,
                  'UseQformerEmb': 0,
                  'UseRawPixels': 1,
                  'base_model': 'T5',
                  'decoder_input_modules': {'module_list': [],
                                            'postprocess_module_list': []},
                  'input_modules': {'module_list': [{'option': 'default',
                                                     'separation_tokens': {'end': '<EOQ>',
                                                                           'start': '<BOQ>'},
                                                     'type': 'QuestionInput'}],
                                    'postprocess_module_list': []},
                  'loss_ratio': {'additional_loss': 0,
                                 'nll_loss': 1,
                                 'rag_loss': 0},
                  'modules': [],
                  'output_modules': {'module_list': [],
                                     'postprocess_module_list': []},
                  'pretrained': 1,
                  'rag_modules': {'module_list': []}},
 'platform_type': 'pytorch',
 'reset': False,
 'saved_model_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Experiments/blip2_test/train/saved_model',
 'seed': 2021,
 'tensorboard_path': '/rds/user/xl544/hpc-work/Retrieval-Augmented-Visual-Question-Answering/Data_TB/tb_logs/blip2_test',
 'test': {'additional': {'multiprocessing': 4},
          'batch_size': 32,
          'evaluation_name': 'test_evaluation',
          'load_best_model': 0,
          'load_epoch': -1,
          'load_model_path': '',
          'num_evaluation': 0},
 'train': {'MLP_lr': 0.0003,
           'adam_epsilon': 1e-08,
           'additional': {'gradient_accumulation_steps': 16,
                          'gradient_clipping': 0,
                          'plugins': [],
                          'save_top_k': 1,
                          'save_top_k_metric': 'test/accuracy_overall',
                          'save_top_k_mode': 'max',
                          'warmup_steps': 0},
           'batch_size': 2,
           'epochs': 10,
           'load_best_model': 0,
           'load_epoch': -1,
           'load_model_path': '',
           'lr': 6e-05,
           'retriever_lr': 1e-05,
           'save_interval': 1,
           'scheduler': 'linear',
           'type': 'BLIP2Executor'},
 'valid': {'additional': {},
           'batch_size': 4,
           'break_interval': 3000,
           'step_size': 2}}
loading VQA annotations and questions into memory...
time elpased:  0:00:00.327195
creating index...
index created!
loading VQA annotations and questions into memory...
time elpased:  0:00:00.065003
creating index...
index created!
creating index...
index created!
year: 2019
version: 1.0
description: This is v1.0 of the OK-VQA dataset.
creating index...
index created!
year: 2019
version: 1.0
description: This is v1.0 of the OK-VQA dataset.
data columns: dict_keys(['okvqa_data', 'vqa_data'])
model.query_tokens True
model.visual_encoder.cls_token False
model.visual_encoder.pos_embed False
model.visual_encoder.patch_embed.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.patch_embed.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.0.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.1.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.2.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.3.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.4.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.5.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.6.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.7.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.8.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.9.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.10.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.11.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.12.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.13.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.14.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.15.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.16.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.17.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.18.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.19.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.20.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.21.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.22.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.23.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.24.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.25.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.26.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.27.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.28.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.29.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.30.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.31.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.32.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.33.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.34.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.35.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.36.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.37.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.norm1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.norm1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.attn.q_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.attn.v_bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.attn.qkv.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.attn.proj.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.attn.proj.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.norm2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.norm2.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.mlp.fc1.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.mlp.fc1.bias False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.mlp.fc2.weight False
model.visual_encoder.blocks.38.mlp.fc2.bias False
model.ln_vision.weight True
model.ln_vision.bias True
model.Qformer.bert.embeddings.word_embeddings.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.embeddings.position_embeddings.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.embeddings.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.embeddings.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.0.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.1.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.2.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.3.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.4.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.5.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.6.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.7.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.8.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.9.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.crossattention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.10.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.query.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.query.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.key.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.key.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.value.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.value.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.intermediate.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.intermediate.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output.LayerNorm.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.intermediate_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.intermediate_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output_query.dense.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output_query.dense.bias False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output_query.LayerNorm.weight False
model.Qformer.bert.encoder.layer.11.output_query.LayerNorm.bias False
model.t5_model.shared.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.0.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.1.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.2.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.3.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.4.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.5.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.6.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.7.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.8.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.9.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.10.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.11.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.12.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.13.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.14.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.15.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.16.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.17.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.18.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.19.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.20.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.21.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.22.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.block.23.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.encoder.final_layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.SelfAttention.relative_attention_bias.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.0.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.1.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.2.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.3.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.4.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.5.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.6.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.7.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.8.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.9.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.10.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.11.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.12.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.13.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.14.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.15.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.16.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.17.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.18.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.19.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.20.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.21.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.22.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.SelfAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.0.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.q.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.k.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.v.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.EncDecAttention.o.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.1.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_0.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wi_1.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.DenseReluDense.wo.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.block.23.layer.2.layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.decoder.final_layer_norm.weight True
model.t5_model.lm_head.weight True
model.t5_proj.weight True
model.t5_proj.bias True
Sanity Checking: 0it [00:00, ?it/s]Sanity Checking:   0%|          | 0/5 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 0/5 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 1/5 [00:06<00:25,  6.34s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 1/5 [00:06<00:25,  6.34s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 2/5 [00:27<00:45, 15.08s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 2/5 [00:27<00:45, 15.08s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 3/5 [00:32<00:20, 10.41s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 3/5 [00:32<00:20, 10.41s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 4/5 [00:33<00:06,  6.57s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 4/5 [00:33<00:06,  6.57s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 5/5 [00:33<00:00,  4.33s/it]Sanity Checking DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 5/5 [00:33<00:00,  4.33s/it]Loading and preparing results...     
{'test/epoch': 0}
{'retrieval_predictions_epoch0_MODE(train)_SET(TEST)': <wandb.data_types.Table object at 0x7f14798e39d0>}
                                                                           Training: 0it [00:00, ?it/s]Training:   0%|          | 0/2846529 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 0/2846529 [00:00<?, ?it/s] Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1/2846529 [00:00<242:54:01,  3.26it/s]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1/2846529 [00:00<243:20:04,  3.25it/s]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1/2846529 [00:00<243:38:30,  3.25it/s, loss=0.779, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 2/2846529 [00:00<208:14:11,  3.80it/s, loss=0.779, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 2/2846529 [00:00<208:27:41,  3.79it/s, loss=0.779, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 2/2846529 [00:00<208:42:14,  3.79it/s, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]  
Validation: 0it [00:00, ?it/s][A
Validation:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:10,  2.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:10,  2.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 3/2846529 [00:00<232:03:34,  3.41it/s, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 3/2846529 [00:00<232:05:50,  3.41it/s, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:21<4:24:39, 12.60s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:21<4:24:39, 12.60s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 4/2846529 [00:22<4362:02:53,  5.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 4/2846529 [00:22<4362:04:32,  5.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:26<3:10:05,  9.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:26<3:10:05,  9.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 5/2846529 [00:26<4255:13:42,  5.38s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 5/2846529 [00:26<4255:14:59,  5.38s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:27<2:00:34,  5.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:27<2:00:34,  5.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 6/2846529 [00:27<3635:26:33,  4.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 6/2846529 [00:27<3635:27:45,  4.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:27<1:19:50,  3.81s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:27<1:19:50,  3.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 7/2846529 [00:27<3158:03:14,  3.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 7/2846529 [00:27<3158:04:09,  3.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:28<57:09,  2.73s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:28<57:09,  2.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 8/2846529 [00:28<2825:47:45,  3.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 8/2846529 [00:28<2825:48:33,  3.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:29<49:56,  2.39s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:29<49:56,  2.39s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 9/2846529 [00:30<2659:38:32,  3.36s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 9/2846529 [00:30<2659:39:16,  3.36s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:30<37:08,  1.78s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:30<37:08,  1.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 10/2846529 [00:30<2430:46:34,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 10/2846529 [00:30<2430:47:12,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:30<27:31,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:30<27:31,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 11/2846529 [00:31<2231:58:40,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 11/2846529 [00:31<2231:59:15,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:33<38:49,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:33<38:49,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 12/2846529 [00:34<2248:36:19,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 12/2846529 [00:34<2248:37:01,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:34<33:41,  1.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:34<33:41,  1.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 13/2846529 [00:35<2140:17:05,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 13/2846529 [00:35<2140:17:35,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:35<25:48,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:35<25:48,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 14/2846529 [00:35<2008:35:01,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 14/2846529 [00:35<2008:35:29,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:36<30:06,  1.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:36<30:06,  1.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 15/2846529 [00:37<1976:11:16,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 15/2846529 [00:37<1976:11:43,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:37<24:49,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:37<24:49,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 16/2846529 [00:38<1882:43:33,  2.38s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 16/2846529 [00:38<1882:43:59,  2.38s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:38<22:55,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:38<22:55,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 17/2846529 [00:38<1813:29:54,  2.29s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 17/2846529 [00:38<1813:30:17,  2.29s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:39<20:47,  1.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:39<20:47,  1.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 18/2846529 [00:39<1746:21:11,  2.21s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 18/2846529 [00:39<1746:21:32,  2.21s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:39<17:14,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:39<17:14,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 19/2846529 [00:40<1672:33:59,  2.12s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 19/2846529 [00:40<1672:34:19,  2.12s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:40<14:32,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:40<14:32,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 20/2846529 [00:40<1604:44:47,  2.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 20/2846529 [00:40<1604:45:06,  2.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:40<14:31,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:40<14:31,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 21/2846529 [00:41<1554:39:15,  1.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 21/2846529 [00:41<1554:39:33,  1.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:46<47:09,  2.28s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:46<47:09,  2.28s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 22/2846529 [00:47<1698:00:47,  2.15s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 22/2846529 [00:47<1698:01:09,  2.15s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 21/1262 [00:47<37:06,  1.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 21/1262 [00:47<37:06,  1.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 23/2846529 [00:47<1647:04:13,  2.08s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 23/2846529 [00:47<1647:04:31,  2.08s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 22/1262 [00:49<37:35,  1.82s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 22/1262 [00:49<37:35,  1.82s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 24/2846529 [00:49<1640:15:40,  2.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 24/2846529 [00:49<1640:15:56,  2.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 23/1262 [00:49<28:58,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 23/1262 [00:49<28:58,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 25/2846529 [00:50<1588:21:39,  2.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 25/2846529 [00:50<1588:21:56,  2.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 24/1262 [00:52<35:51,  1.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 24/1262 [00:52<35:51,  1.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 26/2846529 [00:52<1603:53:06,  2.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 26/2846529 [00:52<1603:53:21,  2.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 25/1262 [00:52<29:35,  1.44s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 25/1262 [00:52<29:35,  1.44s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 27/2846529 [00:53<1565:49:15,  1.98s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 27/2846529 [00:53<1565:49:30,  1.98s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 26/1262 [00:53<23:11,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 26/1262 [00:53<23:11,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 28/2846529 [00:53<1521:18:16,  1.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 28/2846529 [00:53<1521:18:30,  1.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 27/1262 [00:53<18:52,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 27/1262 [00:53<18:52,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 29/2846529 [00:54<1480:34:02,  1.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 29/2846529 [00:54<1480:34:15,  1.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 28/1262 [00:54<16:54,  1.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 28/1262 [00:54<16:54,  1.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 30/2846529 [00:54<1447:02:07,  1.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 30/2846529 [00:54<1447:02:21,  1.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 29/1262 [00:57<33:01,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 29/1262 [00:57<33:01,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 31/2846529 [00:58<1488:03:21,  1.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 31/2846529 [00:58<1488:03:33,  1.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 30/1262 [00:58<25:11,  1.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 30/1262 [00:58<25:11,  1.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 32/2846529 [00:58<1449:56:38,  1.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 32/2846529 [00:58<1449:56:57,  1.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 31/1262 [00:59<28:01,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 31/1262 [00:59<28:01,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 33/2846529 [01:00<1446:30:32,  1.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 33/2846529 [01:00<1446:30:44,  1.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 32/1262 [01:20<2:28:17,  7.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 32/1262 [01:20<2:28:17,  7.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 34/2846529 [01:21<1890:35:11,  2.39s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 34/2846529 [01:21<1890:35:23,  2.39s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 33/1262 [01:21<1:46:00,  5.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 33/1262 [01:21<1:46:00,  5.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 35/2846529 [01:21<1844:57:42,  2.33s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 35/2846529 [01:21<1844:57:53,  2.33s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 34/1262 [01:21<1:19:11,  3.87s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 34/1262 [01:21<1:19:11,  3.87s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 36/2846529 [01:22<1811:48:30,  2.29s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 36/2846529 [01:22<1811:48:41,  2.29s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 35/1262 [01:43<3:05:01,  9.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 35/1262 [01:43<3:05:01,  9.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 37/2846529 [01:43<2214:24:08,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 37/2846529 [01:43<2214:24:19,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 36/1262 [01:43<2:12:55,  6.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 36/1262 [01:43<2:12:55,  6.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 38/2846529 [01:44<2168:01:30,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 38/2846529 [01:44<2168:01:41,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 37/1262 [01:46<1:48:08,  5.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 37/1262 [01:46<1:48:08,  5.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 39/2846529 [01:46<2162:38:05,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 39/2846529 [01:46<2162:38:16,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 38/1262 [01:46<1:18:40,  3.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 38/1262 [01:46<1:18:40,  3.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 40/2846529 [01:47<2118:25:00,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 40/2846529 [01:47<2118:25:10,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 39/1262 [01:47<57:42,  2.83s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 39/1262 [01:47<57:42,  2.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 41/2846529 [01:47<2075:11:41,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 41/2846529 [01:47<2075:11:51,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 40/1262 [01:47<42:37,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 40/1262 [01:47<42:37,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 42/2846529 [01:47<2032:46:27,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 42/2846529 [01:47<2032:46:36,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 41/1262 [01:52<1:00:28,  2.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 41/1262 [01:52<1:00:28,  2.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 43/2846529 [01:52<2077:51:21,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 43/2846529 [01:52<2077:51:30,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 42/1262 [01:52<44:10,  2.17s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 42/1262 [01:52<44:10,  2.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 44/2846529 [01:53<2036:09:17,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 44/2846529 [01:53<2036:09:26,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 43/1262 [01:54<42:57,  2.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 43/1262 [01:54<42:57,  2.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 45/2846529 [01:55<2025:41:36,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 45/2846529 [01:55<2025:41:45,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 44/1262 [01:56<42:28,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   3%|▎         | 44/1262 [01:56<42:28,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 46/2846529 [01:57<2016:43:55,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 46/2846529 [01:57<2016:44:03,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 45/1262 [01:57<31:23,  1.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 45/1262 [01:57<31:23,  1.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 47/2846529 [01:57<1978:27:52,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 47/2846529 [01:57<1978:28:01,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 46/1262 [01:57<24:11,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 46/1262 [01:57<24:11,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 48/2846529 [01:57<1943:18:16,  2.46s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 48/2846529 [01:57<1943:18:25,  2.46s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 47/1262 [01:58<21:22,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▎         | 47/1262 [01:58<21:22,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 49/2846529 [01:58<1915:27:48,  2.42s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 49/2846529 [01:58<1915:27:56,  2.42s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 48/1262 [01:58<18:09,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 48/1262 [01:58<18:09,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 50/2846529 [01:59<1885:31:02,  2.38s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 50/2846529 [01:59<1885:31:10,  2.38s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 49/1262 [02:19<2:19:46,  6.91s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 49/1262 [02:19<2:19:46,  6.91s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 51/2846529 [02:20<2173:24:29,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 51/2846529 [02:20<2173:24:38,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 50/1262 [02:21<1:47:32,  5.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 50/1262 [02:21<1:47:32,  5.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 52/2846529 [02:21<2156:07:15,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 52/2846529 [02:21<2156:07:23,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 51/1262 [02:26<1:45:03,  5.20s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 51/1262 [02:26<1:45:03,  5.20s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 53/2846529 [02:26<2188:58:31,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 53/2846529 [02:26<2188:58:39,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 52/1262 [02:27<1:22:50,  4.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 52/1262 [02:27<1:22:50,  4.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 54/2846529 [02:28<2171:05:36,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 54/2846529 [02:28<2171:05:43,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 53/1262 [02:29<1:05:51,  3.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 53/1262 [02:29<1:05:51,  3.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 55/2846529 [02:29<2150:26:02,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 55/2846529 [02:29<2150:26:09,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 54/1262 [02:30<55:28,  2.76s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 54/1262 [02:30<55:28,  2.76s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 56/2846529 [02:31<2134:02:55,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 56/2846529 [02:31<2134:03:02,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 55/1262 [02:31<41:26,  2.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 55/1262 [02:31<41:26,  2.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 57/2846529 [02:31<2102:41:12,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 57/2846529 [02:31<2102:41:19,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 56/1262 [02:43<1:41:16,  5.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   4%|▍         | 56/1262 [02:43<1:41:16,  5.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 58/2846529 [02:43<2229:51:12,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 58/2846529 [02:43<2229:51:19,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 57/1262 [02:43<1:13:54,  3.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 57/1262 [02:43<1:13:54,  3.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 59/2846529 [02:44<2198:52:51,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 59/2846529 [02:44<2198:52:57,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 58/1262 [02:43<54:07,  2.70s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 58/1262 [02:43<54:07,  2.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 60/2846529 [02:44<2167:33:41,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 60/2846529 [02:44<2167:33:48,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 59/1262 [02:44<40:28,  2.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 59/1262 [02:44<40:28,  2.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 61/2846529 [02:44<2137:40:33,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 61/2846529 [02:44<2137:40:39,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 60/1262 [02:45<33:17,  1.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 60/1262 [02:45<33:17,  1.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 62/2846529 [02:45<2113:46:36,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 62/2846529 [02:45<2113:46:42,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 61/1262 [02:45<25:20,  1.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 61/1262 [02:45<25:20,  1.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 63/2846529 [02:46<2084:30:22,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 63/2846529 [02:46<2084:30:28,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 62/1262 [02:45<19:46,  1.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 62/1262 [02:45<19:46,  1.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 64/2846529 [02:46<2056:09:39,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 64/2846529 [02:46<2056:09:45,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 63/1262 [02:46<17:03,  1.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▍         | 63/1262 [02:46<17:03,  1.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 65/2846529 [02:46<2031:05:05,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 65/2846529 [02:46<2031:05:11,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 64/1262 [02:47<18:56,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 64/1262 [02:47<18:56,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 66/2846529 [02:48<2014:19:40,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 66/2846529 [02:48<2014:19:46,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 65/1262 [02:51<37:27,  1.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 65/1262 [02:51<37:27,  1.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 67/2846529 [02:52<2032:00:32,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 67/2846529 [02:52<2032:00:38,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 66/1262 [02:52<28:36,  1.44s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 66/1262 [02:52<28:36,  1.44s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 68/2846529 [02:52<2006:47:56,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 68/2846529 [02:52<2006:48:02,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 67/1262 [02:52<22:49,  1.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 67/1262 [02:52<22:49,  1.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 69/2846529 [02:53<1983:07:05,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 69/2846529 [02:53<1983:07:11,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 68/1262 [02:52<18:22,  1.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 68/1262 [02:52<18:22,  1.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 70/2846529 [02:53<1959:20:32,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 70/2846529 [02:53<1959:20:38,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 69/1262 [02:53<15:38,  1.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   5%|▌         | 69/1262 [02:53<15:38,  1.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 71/2846529 [02:53<1936:57:07,  2.45s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 71/2846529 [02:53<1936:57:17,  2.45s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 70/1262 [02:53<12:57,  1.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 70/1262 [02:53<12:57,  1.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 72/2846529 [02:54<1913:46:14,  2.42s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 72/2846529 [02:54<1913:46:20,  2.42s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 71/1262 [02:54<11:03,  1.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 71/1262 [02:54<11:03,  1.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 73/2846529 [02:54<1891:11:55,  2.39s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 73/2846529 [02:54<1891:12:00,  2.39s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 72/1262 [02:54<09:10,  2.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 72/1262 [02:54<09:10,  2.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 74/2846529 [02:54<1868:12:13,  2.36s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 74/2846529 [02:54<1868:12:19,  2.36s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 73/1262 [02:55<11:29,  1.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 73/1262 [02:55<11:29,  1.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 75/2846529 [02:55<1852:18:48,  2.34s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 75/2846529 [02:55<1852:18:54,  2.34s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 74/1262 [02:55<11:14,  1.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 74/1262 [02:55<11:14,  1.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 76/2846529 [02:56<1833:31:55,  2.32s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 76/2846529 [02:56<1833:32:00,  2.32s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 75/1262 [03:16<2:13:43,  6.76s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 75/1262 [03:16<2:13:43,  6.76s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 77/2846529 [03:17<2027:30:10,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 77/2846529 [03:17<2027:30:15,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 76/1262 [03:17<1:37:42,  4.94s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 76/1262 [03:17<1:37:42,  4.94s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 78/2846529 [03:18<2008:38:51,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 78/2846529 [03:18<2008:38:57,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 77/1262 [03:17<1:10:32,  3.57s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 77/1262 [03:17<1:10:32,  3.57s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 79/2846529 [03:18<1986:56:48,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 79/2846529 [03:18<1986:56:53,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 78/1262 [03:18<51:44,  2.62s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▌         | 78/1262 [03:18<51:44,  2.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 80/2846529 [03:18<1966:06:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 80/2846529 [03:18<1966:06:32,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 79/1262 [03:22<1:01:37,  3.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 79/1262 [03:22<1:01:37,  3.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 81/2846529 [03:23<1983:49:20,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 81/2846529 [03:23<1983:49:31,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 80/1262 [03:23<45:29,  2.31s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 80/1262 [03:23<45:29,  2.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 82/2846529 [03:23<1963:31:48,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 82/2846529 [03:23<1963:31:52,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 81/1262 [03:23<34:11,  1.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 81/1262 [03:23<34:11,  1.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 83/2846529 [03:24<1943:42:02,  2.46s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 83/2846529 [03:24<1943:42:06,  2.46s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 82/1262 [03:23<25:43,  1.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   6%|▋         | 82/1262 [03:23<25:43,  1.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 84/2846529 [03:24<1923:26:27,  2.43s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 84/2846529 [03:24<1923:26:32,  2.43s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 83/1262 [03:24<20:10,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 83/1262 [03:24<20:10,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 85/2846529 [03:24<1904:15:27,  2.41s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 85/2846529 [03:24<1904:15:32,  2.41s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 84/1262 [03:24<16:28,  1.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 84/1262 [03:24<16:28,  1.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 86/2846529 [03:25<1885:48:49,  2.39s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 86/2846529 [03:25<1885:48:53,  2.39s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 85/1262 [03:24<13:42,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 85/1262 [03:24<13:42,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 87/2846529 [03:25<1867:30:38,  2.36s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 87/2846529 [03:25<1867:30:43,  2.36s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 86/1262 [03:45<2:12:47,  6.78s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 86/1262 [03:45<2:12:47,  6.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 88/2846529 [03:46<2034:33:45,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 88/2846529 [03:46<2034:33:49,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 87/1262 [03:46<1:37:34,  4.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 87/1262 [03:46<1:37:34,  4.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 89/2846529 [03:47<2018:48:30,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 89/2846529 [03:47<2018:48:35,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 88/1262 [03:47<1:11:00,  3.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 88/1262 [03:47<1:11:00,  3.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 90/2846529 [03:47<2000:29:50,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 90/2846529 [03:47<2000:29:55,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 89/1262 [03:47<52:00,  2.66s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 89/1262 [03:47<52:00,  2.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 91/2846529 [03:48<1981:59:56,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 91/2846529 [03:48<1982:00:00,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 90/1262 [03:47<38:45,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 90/1262 [03:47<38:45,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 92/2846529 [03:48<1963:57:27,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 92/2846529 [03:48<1963:57:31,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 91/1262 [03:48<28:42,  1.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 91/1262 [03:48<28:42,  1.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 93/2846529 [03:48<1945:09:52,  2.46s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 93/2846529 [03:48<1945:09:56,  2.46s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 92/1262 [03:48<22:51,  1.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 92/1262 [03:48<22:51,  1.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 94/2846529 [03:49<1928:26:58,  2.44s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 94/2846529 [03:49<1928:27:03,  2.44s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 93/1262 [03:49<19:54,  1.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 93/1262 [03:49<19:54,  1.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 95/2846529 [03:49<1913:44:29,  2.42s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 95/2846529 [03:49<1913:44:33,  2.42s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 94/1262 [03:49<15:43,  1.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   7%|▋         | 94/1262 [03:49<15:43,  1.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 96/2846529 [03:50<1896:20:52,  2.40s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 96/2846529 [03:50<1896:20:56,  2.40s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 95/1262 [04:10<2:13:48,  6.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 95/1262 [04:10<2:13:48,  6.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 97/2846529 [04:11<2048:22:12,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 97/2846529 [04:11<2048:22:16,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 96/1262 [04:11<1:35:57,  4.94s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 96/1262 [04:11<1:35:57,  4.94s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 98/2846529 [04:11<2030:44:39,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 98/2846529 [04:11<2030:44:43,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 97/1262 [04:11<1:08:54,  3.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 97/1262 [04:11<1:08:54,  3.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 99/2846529 [04:12<2012:41:47,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 99/2846529 [04:12<2012:41:51,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 98/1262 [04:15<1:13:26,  3.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 98/1262 [04:15<1:13:26,  3.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 100/2846529 [04:16<2026:51:52,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 100/2846529 [04:16<2026:51:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 99/1262 [04:31<2:20:44,  7.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 99/1262 [04:31<2:20:44,  7.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 101/2846529 [04:31<2127:07:48,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 101/2846529 [04:31<2127:07:52,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 100/1262 [04:31<1:42:58,  5.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 100/1262 [04:31<1:42:58,  5.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 102/2846529 [04:32<2112:19:09,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 102/2846529 [04:32<2112:19:13,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 101/1262 [04:32<1:16:53,  3.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 101/1262 [04:32<1:16:53,  3.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 103/2846529 [04:33<2098:14:55,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 103/2846529 [04:33<2098:14:59,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 102/1262 [04:33<57:16,  2.96s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 102/1262 [04:33<57:16,  2.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 104/2846529 [04:33<2082:40:13,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 104/2846529 [04:33<2082:40:17,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 103/1262 [04:33<43:25,  2.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 103/1262 [04:33<43:25,  2.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 105/2846529 [04:34<2067:12:10,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 105/2846529 [04:34<2067:12:14,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 104/1262 [04:34<34:38,  1.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 104/1262 [04:34<34:38,  1.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 106/2846529 [04:35<2053:11:36,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 106/2846529 [04:35<2053:11:40,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 105/1262 [04:38<45:15,  2.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 105/1262 [04:38<45:15,  2.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 107/2846529 [04:38<2060:52:44,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 107/2846529 [04:38<2060:52:48,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 106/1262 [04:38<34:12,  1.78s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 106/1262 [04:38<34:12,  1.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 108/2846529 [04:39<2045:01:15,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 108/2846529 [04:39<2045:01:19,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 107/1262 [04:39<30:40,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   8%|▊         | 107/1262 [04:39<30:40,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 109/2846529 [04:40<2034:43:54,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 109/2846529 [04:40<2034:43:57,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 108/1262 [04:40<23:13,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 108/1262 [04:40<23:13,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 110/2846529 [04:40<2018:26:52,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 110/2846529 [04:40<2018:26:56,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 109/1262 [04:41<24:24,  1.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 109/1262 [04:41<24:24,  1.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 111/2846529 [04:42<2010:21:28,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 111/2846529 [04:42<2010:21:32,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 110/1262 [05:02<2:18:41,  7.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▊         | 110/1262 [05:02<2:18:41,  7.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 112/2846529 [05:03<2141:27:23,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 112/2846529 [05:03<2141:27:27,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 111/1262 [05:03<1:39:07,  5.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 111/1262 [05:03<1:39:07,  5.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 113/2846529 [05:03<2125:05:22,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 113/2846529 [05:03<2125:05:26,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 112/1262 [05:03<1:11:50,  3.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 112/1262 [05:03<1:11:50,  3.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 114/2846529 [05:04<2109:29:14,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 114/2846529 [05:04<2109:29:17,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 113/1262 [05:04<53:46,  2.81s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 113/1262 [05:04<53:46,  2.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 115/2846529 [05:04<2095:21:27,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 115/2846529 [05:04<2095:21:30,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 114/1262 [05:04<40:28,  2.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 114/1262 [05:04<40:28,  2.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 116/2846529 [05:05<2080:42:11,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 116/2846529 [05:05<2080:42:15,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 115/1262 [05:05<30:51,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 115/1262 [05:05<30:51,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 117/2846529 [05:05<2065:55:13,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 117/2846529 [05:05<2065:55:17,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 116/1262 [05:05<25:45,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 116/1262 [05:05<25:45,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 118/2846529 [05:06<2053:18:08,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 118/2846529 [05:06<2053:18:12,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 117/1262 [05:10<46:43,  2.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 117/1262 [05:10<46:43,  2.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 119/2846529 [05:11<2069:22:25,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 119/2846529 [05:11<2069:22:28,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 118/1262 [05:11<35:24,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 118/1262 [05:11<35:24,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 120/2846529 [05:11<2055:15:37,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 120/2846529 [05:11<2055:15:42,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 119/1262 [05:11<27:05,  1.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   9%|▉         | 119/1262 [05:11<27:05,  1.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 121/2846529 [05:12<2040:56:08,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 121/2846529 [05:12<2040:56:11,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 120/1262 [05:32<2:19:07,  7.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 120/1262 [05:32<2:19:07,  7.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 122/2846529 [05:33<2160:37:03,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 122/2846529 [05:33<2160:37:06,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 121/1262 [05:33<1:40:01,  5.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 121/1262 [05:33<1:40:01,  5.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 123/2846529 [05:33<2146:06:39,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 123/2846529 [05:33<2146:06:42,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 122/1262 [05:33<1:13:27,  3.87s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 122/1262 [05:33<1:13:27,  3.87s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 124/2846529 [05:34<2132:42:54,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 124/2846529 [05:34<2132:42:57,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 123/1262 [05:34<53:54,  2.84s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 123/1262 [05:34<53:54,  2.84s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 125/2846529 [05:34<2118:27:58,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 125/2846529 [05:34<2118:28:02,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 124/1262 [05:55<2:37:16,  8.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 124/1262 [05:55<2:37:16,  8.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 126/2846529 [05:55<2233:31:30,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 126/2846529 [05:55<2233:31:33,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 125/1262 [06:16<3:50:15, 12.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 125/1262 [06:16<3:50:15, 12.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 127/2846529 [06:17<2347:38:24,  2.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 127/2846529 [06:17<2347:38:27,  2.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 126/1262 [06:17<2:43:57,  8.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|▉         | 126/1262 [06:17<2:43:57,  8.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 128/2846529 [06:17<2332:28:03,  2.95s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 128/2846529 [06:17<2332:28:07,  2.95s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 127/1262 [06:17<1:57:55,  6.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 127/1262 [06:17<1:57:55,  6.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 129/2846529 [06:18<2317:54:31,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 129/2846529 [06:18<2317:54:34,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 128/1262 [06:18<1:24:35,  4.48s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 128/1262 [06:18<1:24:35,  4.48s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 130/2846529 [06:18<2302:20:37,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 130/2846529 [06:18<2302:20:41,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 129/1262 [06:18<1:01:52,  3.28s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 129/1262 [06:18<1:01:52,  3.28s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 131/2846529 [06:19<2287:39:11,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 131/2846529 [06:19<2287:39:15,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 130/1262 [06:18<45:23,  2.41s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 130/1262 [06:18<45:23,  2.41s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 132/2846529 [06:19<2272:33:38,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 132/2846529 [06:19<2272:33:41,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 131/1262 [06:19<34:36,  1.84s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 131/1262 [06:19<34:36,  1.84s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 133/2846529 [06:19<2258:29:35,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 133/2846529 [06:19<2258:29:38,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 132/1262 [06:39<2:18:08,  7.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  10%|█         | 132/1262 [06:39<2:18:08,  7.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 134/2846529 [06:40<2360:37:02,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 134/2846529 [06:40<2360:37:05,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 133/1262 [06:40<1:39:41,  5.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 133/1262 [06:40<1:39:41,  5.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 135/2846529 [06:40<2346:19:12,  2.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 135/2846529 [06:40<2346:19:15,  2.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 134/1262 [06:42<1:22:40,  4.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 134/1262 [06:42<1:22:40,  4.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 136/2846529 [06:42<2342:25:13,  2.96s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 136/2846529 [06:42<2342:25:16,  2.96s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 135/1262 [06:43<1:01:36,  3.28s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 135/1262 [06:43<1:01:36,  3.28s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 137/2846529 [06:43<2329:12:28,  2.95s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 137/2846529 [06:43<2329:12:31,  2.95s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 136/1262 [06:43<46:19,  2.47s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 136/1262 [06:43<46:19,  2.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 138/2846529 [06:44<2315:37:35,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 138/2846529 [06:44<2315:37:38,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 137/1262 [06:44<37:02,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 137/1262 [06:44<37:02,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 139/2846529 [06:44<2303:39:44,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 139/2846529 [06:44<2303:39:47,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 138/1262 [06:44<28:11,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 138/1262 [06:44<28:11,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 140/2846529 [06:45<2289:29:59,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 140/2846529 [06:45<2289:30:02,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 139/1262 [06:45<22:41,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 139/1262 [06:45<22:41,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 141/2846529 [06:45<2276:14:19,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 141/2846529 [06:45<2276:14:21,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 140/1262 [06:45<18:09,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 140/1262 [06:45<18:09,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 142/2846529 [06:46<2262:28:26,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 142/2846529 [06:46<2262:28:29,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 141/1262 [06:46<14:59,  1.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█         | 141/1262 [06:46<14:59,  1.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 143/2846529 [06:46<2248:54:46,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 143/2846529 [06:46<2248:54:49,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 142/1262 [06:47<19:14,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 142/1262 [06:47<19:14,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 144/2846529 [06:48<2241:52:50,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 144/2846529 [06:48<2241:52:53,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 143/1262 [06:48<15:44,  1.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 143/1262 [06:48<15:44,  1.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 145/2846529 [06:48<2228:39:02,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 145/2846529 [06:48<2228:39:04,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 144/1262 [06:49<21:05,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 144/1262 [06:49<21:05,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 146/2846529 [06:50<2223:08:54,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 146/2846529 [06:50<2223:08:57,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 145/1262 [06:50<16:50,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  11%|█▏        | 145/1262 [06:50<16:50,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 147/2846529 [06:50<2210:02:31,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 147/2846529 [06:50<2210:02:34,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 146/1262 [06:50<13:52,  1.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 146/1262 [06:50<13:52,  1.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 148/2846529 [06:51<2197:06:35,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 148/2846529 [06:51<2197:06:38,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 147/1262 [06:55<35:57,  1.94s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 147/1262 [06:55<35:57,  1.94s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 149/2846529 [06:55<2207:21:30,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 149/2846529 [06:55<2207:21:34,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 148/1262 [06:57<37:27,  2.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 148/1262 [06:57<37:27,  2.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 150/2846529 [06:58<2204:17:38,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 150/2846529 [06:58<2204:17:41,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 149/1262 [06:58<29:58,  1.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 149/1262 [06:58<29:58,  1.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 151/2846529 [06:58<2193:14:25,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 151/2846529 [06:58<2193:14:28,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 150/1262 [06:58<23:11,  1.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 150/1262 [06:58<23:11,  1.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 152/2846529 [06:59<2180:54:14,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 152/2846529 [06:59<2180:54:17,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 151/1262 [07:08<1:09:47,  3.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 151/1262 [07:08<1:09:47,  3.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 153/2846529 [07:08<2216:29:04,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 153/2846529 [07:08<2216:29:10,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 152/1262 [07:08<50:43,  2.74s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 152/1262 [07:08<50:43,  2.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 154/2846529 [07:09<2203:51:16,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 154/2846529 [07:09<2203:51:19,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 153/1262 [07:12<55:04,  2.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 153/1262 [07:12<55:04,  2.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 155/2846529 [07:12<2207:40:17,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 155/2846529 [07:12<2207:40:20,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 154/1262 [07:12<40:36,  2.20s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 154/1262 [07:12<40:36,  2.20s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 156/2846529 [07:13<2195:25:34,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 156/2846529 [07:13<2195:25:36,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 155/1262 [07:33<2:26:20,  7.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 155/1262 [07:33<2:26:20,  7.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 157/2846529 [07:34<2288:44:55,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 157/2846529 [07:34<2288:44:57,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 156/1262 [07:35<1:48:26,  5.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 156/1262 [07:35<1:48:26,  5.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 158/2846529 [07:35<2279:47:13,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 158/2846529 [07:35<2279:47:15,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 157/1262 [07:35<1:17:54,  4.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  12%|█▏        | 157/1262 [07:35<1:17:54,  4.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 159/2846529 [07:35<2267:18:36,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 159/2846529 [07:35<2267:18:38,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 158/1262 [07:40<1:22:29,  4.48s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 158/1262 [07:40<1:22:29,  4.48s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 160/2846529 [07:41<2278:12:43,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 160/2846529 [07:41<2278:12:45,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 159/1262 [07:41<1:01:58,  3.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 159/1262 [07:41<1:01:58,  3.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 161/2846529 [07:41<2267:51:55,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 161/2846529 [07:41<2267:51:58,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 160/1262 [07:42<52:00,  2.83s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 160/1262 [07:42<52:00,  2.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 162/2846529 [07:43<2261:32:37,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 162/2846529 [07:43<2261:32:39,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 161/1262 [07:45<50:34,  2.76s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 161/1262 [07:45<50:34,  2.76s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 163/2846529 [07:45<2260:11:13,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 163/2846529 [07:45<2260:11:16,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 162/1262 [07:45<38:10,  2.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 162/1262 [07:45<38:10,  2.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 164/2846529 [07:46<2248:51:31,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 164/2846529 [07:46<2248:51:33,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 163/1262 [07:46<30:58,  1.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 163/1262 [07:46<30:58,  1.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 165/2846529 [07:47<2238:57:32,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 165/2846529 [07:47<2238:57:35,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 164/1262 [07:47<23:54,  1.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 164/1262 [07:47<23:54,  1.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 166/2846529 [07:47<2227:24:59,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 166/2846529 [07:47<2227:25:01,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 165/1262 [07:48<25:46,  1.41s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 165/1262 [07:48<25:46,  1.41s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 167/2846529 [07:49<2221:53:49,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 167/2846529 [07:49<2221:53:52,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 166/1262 [07:52<38:11,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 166/1262 [07:52<38:11,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 168/2846529 [07:52<2225:59:30,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 168/2846529 [07:52<2225:59:32,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 167/1262 [07:53<30:52,  1.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 167/1262 [07:53<30:52,  1.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 169/2846529 [07:53<2216:22:13,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 169/2846529 [07:53<2216:22:16,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 168/1262 [07:55<33:24,  1.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 168/1262 [07:55<33:24,  1.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 170/2846529 [07:55<2213:22:36,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 170/2846529 [07:55<2213:22:41,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 169/1262 [07:55<25:12,  1.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 169/1262 [07:55<25:12,  1.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 171/2846529 [07:56<2202:00:03,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 171/2846529 [07:56<2202:00:06,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 170/1262 [07:56<21:30,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  13%|█▎        | 170/1262 [07:56<21:30,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 172/2846529 [07:56<2192:27:36,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 172/2846529 [07:56<2192:27:39,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 171/1262 [07:59<33:37,  1.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 171/1262 [07:59<33:37,  1.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 173/2846529 [08:00<2195:21:11,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 173/2846529 [08:00<2195:21:13,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 172/1262 [08:02<36:20,  2.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 172/1262 [08:02<36:20,  2.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 174/2846529 [08:02<2193:25:48,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 174/2846529 [08:02<2193:25:50,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 173/1262 [08:02<27:49,  1.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▎        | 173/1262 [08:02<27:49,  1.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 175/2846529 [08:03<2182:53:28,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 175/2846529 [08:03<2182:53:31,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 174/1262 [08:04<28:21,  1.56s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 174/1262 [08:04<28:21,  1.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 176/2846529 [08:04<2177:50:33,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 176/2846529 [08:04<2177:50:35,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 175/1262 [08:04<22:01,  1.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 175/1262 [08:04<22:01,  1.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 177/2846529 [08:05<2167:20:09,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 177/2846529 [08:05<2167:20:11,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 176/1262 [08:05<17:36,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 176/1262 [08:05<17:36,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 178/2846529 [08:05<2156:57:26,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 178/2846529 [08:05<2156:57:30,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 177/1262 [08:09<38:13,  2.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 177/1262 [08:09<38:13,  2.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 179/2846529 [08:10<2166:00:12,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 179/2846529 [08:10<2166:00:14,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 178/1262 [08:30<2:21:01,  7.81s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 178/1262 [08:30<2:21:01,  7.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 180/2846529 [08:31<2246:35:42,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 180/2846529 [08:31<2246:35:44,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 179/1262 [08:33<1:55:05,  6.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 179/1262 [08:33<1:55:05,  6.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 181/2846529 [08:34<2247:28:10,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 181/2846529 [08:34<2247:28:12,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 180/1262 [08:34<1:22:40,  4.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 180/1262 [08:34<1:22:40,  4.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 182/2846529 [08:34<2236:52:05,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 182/2846529 [08:34<2236:52:07,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 181/1262 [08:37<1:14:04,  4.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 181/1262 [08:37<1:14:04,  4.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 183/2846529 [08:37<2237:38:29,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 183/2846529 [08:37<2237:38:31,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 182/1262 [08:37<53:40,  2.98s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  14%|█▍        | 182/1262 [08:37<53:40,  2.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 184/2846529 [08:38<2226:58:01,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 184/2846529 [08:38<2226:58:03,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 183/1262 [08:38<40:16,  2.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 183/1262 [08:38<40:16,  2.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 185/2846529 [08:38<2217:05:50,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 185/2846529 [08:38<2217:05:52,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 184/1262 [08:40<38:19,  2.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 184/1262 [08:40<38:19,  2.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 186/2846529 [08:40<2213:11:41,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 186/2846529 [08:40<2213:11:43,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 185/1262 [08:43<46:03,  2.57s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 185/1262 [08:43<46:03,  2.57s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 187/2846529 [08:44<2216:28:29,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 187/2846529 [08:44<2216:28:32,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 186/1262 [08:46<45:03,  2.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 186/1262 [08:46<45:03,  2.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 188/2846529 [08:46<2214:43:49,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 188/2846529 [08:46<2214:43:51,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 187/1262 [08:46<33:31,  1.87s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 187/1262 [08:46<33:31,  1.87s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 189/2846529 [08:46<2204:34:39,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 189/2846529 [08:46<2204:34:41,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 188/1262 [08:46<25:16,  1.41s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 188/1262 [08:46<25:16,  1.41s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 190/2846529 [08:47<2194:23:32,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 190/2846529 [08:47<2194:23:34,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 189/1262 [08:47<19:18,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▍        | 189/1262 [08:47<19:18,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 191/2846529 [08:47<2184:09:32,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 191/2846529 [08:47<2184:09:34,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 190/1262 [09:08<2:07:04,  7.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 190/1262 [09:08<2:07:04,  7.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 192/2846529 [09:08<2260:02:19,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 192/2846529 [09:08<2260:02:21,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 191/1262 [09:16<2:13:57,  7.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 191/1262 [09:16<2:13:57,  7.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 193/2846529 [09:17<2282:49:13,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 193/2846529 [09:17<2282:49:15,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 192/1262 [09:17<1:36:53,  5.43s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 192/1262 [09:17<1:36:53,  5.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 194/2846529 [09:17<2273:29:39,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 194/2846529 [09:17<2273:29:41,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 193/1262 [09:17<1:11:07,  3.99s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 193/1262 [09:17<1:11:07,  3.99s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 195/2846529 [09:18<2264:23:32,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 195/2846529 [09:18<2264:23:34,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 194/1262 [09:18<51:42,  2.91s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 194/1262 [09:18<51:42,  2.91s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 196/2846529 [09:18<2254:19:23,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 196/2846529 [09:18<2254:19:25,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 195/1262 [09:18<39:13,  2.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  15%|█▌        | 195/1262 [09:18<39:13,  2.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 197/2846529 [09:19<2245:10:44,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 197/2846529 [09:19<2245:10:46,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 196/1262 [09:40<2:23:13,  8.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 196/1262 [09:40<2:23:13,  8.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 198/2846529 [09:41<2320:35:41,  2.94s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 198/2846529 [09:41<2320:35:43,  2.94s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 197/1262 [09:40<1:42:00,  5.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 197/1262 [09:40<1:42:00,  5.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 199/2846529 [09:41<2310:18:35,  2.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 199/2846529 [09:41<2310:18:37,  2.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 198/1262 [09:41<1:13:40,  4.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 198/1262 [09:41<1:13:40,  4.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 200/2846529 [09:41<2300:29:16,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 200/2846529 [09:41<2300:29:18,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 199/1262 [09:41<53:07,  3.00s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 199/1262 [09:41<53:07,  3.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 201/2846529 [09:42<2290:14:01,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 201/2846529 [09:42<2290:14:04,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 200/1262 [09:51<1:29:43,  5.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 200/1262 [09:51<1:29:43,  5.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 202/2846529 [09:52<2317:38:51,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 202/2846529 [09:52<2317:38:53,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 201/1262 [09:52<1:05:04,  3.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 201/1262 [09:52<1:05:04,  3.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 203/2846529 [09:52<2307:56:00,  2.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 203/2846529 [09:52<2307:56:02,  2.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 202/1262 [09:53<50:57,  2.88s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 202/1262 [09:53<50:57,  2.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 204/2846529 [09:53<2300:36:31,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 204/2846529 [09:53<2300:36:33,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 203/1262 [09:54<43:41,  2.48s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 203/1262 [09:54<43:41,  2.48s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 205/2846529 [09:55<2295:15:07,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 205/2846529 [09:55<2295:15:09,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 204/1262 [09:54<32:20,  1.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 204/1262 [09:54<32:20,  1.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 206/2846529 [09:55<2285:24:20,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 206/2846529 [09:55<2285:24:22,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 205/1262 [09:59<45:59,  2.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▌        | 205/1262 [09:59<45:59,  2.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 207/2846529 [09:59<2291:15:09,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 207/2846529 [09:59<2291:15:11,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 206/1262 [10:00<36:11,  2.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 206/1262 [10:00<36:11,  2.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 208/2846529 [10:00<2283:08:05,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 208/2846529 [10:00<2283:08:07,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 207/1262 [10:00<27:57,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 207/1262 [10:00<27:57,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 209/2846529 [10:01<2274:06:34,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 209/2846529 [10:01<2274:06:36,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 208/1262 [10:21<2:11:18,  7.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  16%|█▋        | 208/1262 [10:21<2:11:18,  7.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 210/2846529 [10:22<2343:07:22,  2.96s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 210/2846529 [10:22<2343:07:24,  2.96s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 209/1262 [10:43<3:24:02, 11.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 209/1262 [10:43<3:24:02, 11.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 211/2846529 [10:43<2411:52:55,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 211/2846529 [10:43<2411:52:57,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 210/1262 [10:43<2:26:24,  8.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 210/1262 [10:43<2:26:24,  8.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 212/2846529 [10:44<2403:08:05,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 212/2846529 [10:44<2403:08:07,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 211/1262 [11:04<3:32:51, 12.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 211/1262 [11:04<3:32:51, 12.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 213/2846529 [11:05<2469:53:16,  3.12s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 213/2846529 [11:05<2469:53:18,  3.12s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 212/1262 [11:05<2:31:10,  8.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 212/1262 [11:05<2:31:10,  8.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 214/2846529 [11:05<2459:58:26,  3.11s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 214/2846529 [11:05<2459:58:28,  3.11s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 213/1262 [11:26<3:35:38, 12.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 213/1262 [11:26<3:35:38, 12.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 215/2846529 [11:26<2525:35:39,  3.19s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 215/2846529 [11:26<2525:35:41,  3.19s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 214/1262 [11:28<2:41:48,  9.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 214/1262 [11:28<2:41:48,  9.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 216/2846529 [11:28<2521:35:27,  3.19s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 216/2846529 [11:28<2521:35:29,  3.19s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 215/1262 [11:28<1:55:15,  6.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 215/1262 [11:28<1:55:15,  6.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 217/2846529 [11:29<2511:25:50,  3.18s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 217/2846529 [11:29<2511:25:51,  3.18s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 216/1262 [11:31<1:32:24,  5.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 216/1262 [11:31<1:32:24,  5.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 218/2846529 [11:31<2508:05:33,  3.17s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 218/2846529 [11:31<2508:05:35,  3.17s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 217/1262 [11:31<1:06:45,  3.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 217/1262 [11:31<1:06:45,  3.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 219/2846529 [11:31<2498:06:41,  3.16s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 219/2846529 [11:31<2498:06:43,  3.16s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 218/1262 [11:32<50:30,  2.90s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 218/1262 [11:32<50:30,  2.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 220/2846529 [11:32<2489:23:40,  3.15s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 220/2846529 [11:32<2489:23:41,  3.15s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 219/1262 [11:32<38:16,  2.20s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 219/1262 [11:32<38:16,  2.20s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 221/2846529 [11:33<2480:08:55,  3.14s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 221/2846529 [11:33<2480:08:57,  3.14s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 220/1262 [11:33<28:21,  1.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  17%|█▋        | 220/1262 [11:33<28:21,  1.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 222/2846529 [11:33<2470:03:45,  3.12s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 222/2846529 [11:33<2470:03:47,  3.12s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 221/1262 [11:33<24:39,  1.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 221/1262 [11:33<24:39,  1.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 223/2846529 [11:34<2462:16:52,  3.11s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 223/2846529 [11:34<2462:16:53,  3.11s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 222/1262 [11:34<19:10,  1.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 222/1262 [11:34<19:10,  1.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 224/2846529 [11:34<2452:35:49,  3.10s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 224/2846529 [11:34<2452:35:51,  3.10s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 223/1262 [11:34<15:50,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 223/1262 [11:34<15:50,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 225/2846529 [11:35<2443:20:29,  3.09s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 225/2846529 [11:35<2443:20:31,  3.09s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 224/1262 [11:35<13:19,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 224/1262 [11:35<13:19,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 226/2846529 [11:35<2434:02:15,  3.08s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 226/2846529 [11:35<2434:02:18,  3.08s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 225/1262 [11:35<12:06,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 225/1262 [11:35<12:06,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 227/2846529 [11:36<2425:11:12,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 227/2846529 [11:36<2425:11:13,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 226/1262 [11:36<12:22,  1.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 226/1262 [11:36<12:22,  1.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 228/2846529 [11:37<2417:10:22,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 228/2846529 [11:37<2417:10:24,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 227/1262 [11:38<18:41,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 227/1262 [11:38<18:41,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 229/2846529 [11:38<2413:18:26,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 229/2846529 [11:38<2413:18:28,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 228/1262 [11:39<16:50,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 228/1262 [11:39<16:50,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 230/2846529 [11:39<2405:19:23,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 230/2846529 [11:39<2405:19:24,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 229/1262 [11:39<13:52,  1.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 229/1262 [11:39<13:52,  1.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 231/2846529 [11:40<2396:17:39,  3.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 231/2846529 [11:40<2396:17:40,  3.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 230/1262 [11:39<11:16,  1.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 230/1262 [11:39<11:16,  1.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 232/2846529 [11:40<2387:00:13,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 232/2846529 [11:40<2387:00:15,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 231/1262 [11:40<10:18,  1.67it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 231/1262 [11:40<10:18,  1.67it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 233/2846529 [11:40<2378:21:25,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 233/2846529 [11:40<2378:21:26,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 232/1262 [11:40<10:07,  1.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 232/1262 [11:40<10:07,  1.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 234/2846529 [11:41<2370:06:22,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 234/2846529 [11:41<2370:06:24,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 233/1262 [11:41<10:10,  1.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  18%|█▊        | 233/1262 [11:41<10:10,  1.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 235/2846529 [11:42<2362:02:41,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 235/2846529 [11:42<2362:02:43,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 234/1262 [12:02<1:54:45,  6.70s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 234/1262 [12:02<1:54:45,  6.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 236/2846529 [12:03<2422:11:17,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 236/2846529 [12:03<2422:11:18,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 235/1262 [12:03<1:27:45,  5.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 235/1262 [12:03<1:27:45,  5.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 237/2846529 [12:04<2416:50:50,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 237/2846529 [12:04<2416:50:52,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 236/1262 [12:04<1:03:26,  3.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▊        | 236/1262 [12:04<1:03:26,  3.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 238/2846529 [12:04<2408:01:58,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 238/2846529 [12:04<2408:02:00,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 237/1262 [12:04<46:34,  2.73s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 237/1262 [12:04<46:34,  2.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 239/2846529 [12:05<2399:22:50,  3.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 239/2846529 [12:05<2399:22:52,  3.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 238/1262 [12:05<35:17,  2.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 238/1262 [12:05<35:17,  2.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 240/2846529 [12:05<2391:07:56,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 240/2846529 [12:05<2391:07:57,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 239/1262 [12:07<38:13,  2.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 239/1262 [12:07<38:13,  2.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 241/2846529 [12:08<2389:53:53,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 241/2846529 [12:08<2389:53:55,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 240/1262 [12:08<28:37,  1.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 240/1262 [12:08<28:37,  1.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 242/2846529 [12:08<2381:13:48,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 242/2846529 [12:08<2381:13:50,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 241/1262 [12:08<22:24,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 241/1262 [12:08<22:24,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 243/2846529 [12:09<2372:57:01,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 243/2846529 [12:09<2372:57:03,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 242/1262 [12:09<18:13,  1.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 242/1262 [12:09<18:13,  1.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 244/2846529 [12:09<2364:50:48,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 244/2846529 [12:09<2364:50:50,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 243/1262 [12:30<2:00:34,  7.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 243/1262 [12:30<2:00:34,  7.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 245/2846529 [12:30<2423:29:59,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 245/2846529 [12:30<2423:30:01,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 244/1262 [12:30<1:25:54,  5.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 244/1262 [12:30<1:25:54,  5.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 246/2846529 [12:31<2414:38:32,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 246/2846529 [12:31<2414:38:34,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 245/1262 [12:31<1:02:27,  3.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 245/1262 [12:31<1:02:27,  3.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 247/2846529 [12:31<2406:21:45,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 247/2846529 [12:31<2406:21:46,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 246/1262 [12:31<46:24,  2.74s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  19%|█▉        | 246/1262 [12:31<46:24,  2.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 248/2846529 [12:32<2398:22:50,  3.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 248/2846529 [12:32<2398:22:51,  3.03s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 247/1262 [12:43<1:30:13,  5.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 247/1262 [12:43<1:30:13,  5.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 249/2846529 [12:43<2424:53:33,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 249/2846529 [12:43<2424:53:35,  3.07s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 248/1262 [12:43<1:05:29,  3.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 248/1262 [12:43<1:05:29,  3.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 250/2846529 [12:44<2416:41:01,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 250/2846529 [12:44<2416:41:02,  3.06s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 249/1262 [12:43<47:20,  2.80s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 249/1262 [12:43<47:20,  2.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 251/2846529 [12:44<2408:01:05,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 251/2846529 [12:44<2408:01:06,  3.05s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 250/1262 [12:44<35:18,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 250/1262 [12:44<35:18,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 252/2846529 [12:44<2399:49:24,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 252/2846529 [12:44<2399:49:26,  3.04s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 251/1262 [12:44<26:33,  1.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 251/1262 [12:44<26:33,  1.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 253/2846529 [12:45<2391:29:45,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 253/2846529 [12:45<2391:29:47,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 252/1262 [12:45<20:37,  1.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|█▉        | 252/1262 [12:45<20:37,  1.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 254/2846529 [12:45<2383:20:13,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 254/2846529 [12:45<2383:20:15,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 253/1262 [12:48<31:16,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 253/1262 [12:48<31:16,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 255/2846529 [12:49<2384:21:08,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 255/2846529 [12:49<2384:21:10,  3.02s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 254/1262 [12:50<32:23,  1.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 254/1262 [12:50<32:23,  1.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 256/2846529 [12:51<2381:29:13,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 256/2846529 [12:51<2381:29:14,  3.01s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 255/1262 [12:50<24:40,  1.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 255/1262 [12:50<24:40,  1.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 257/2846529 [12:51<2373:27:23,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 257/2846529 [12:51<2373:27:24,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 256/1262 [12:53<29:30,  1.76s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 256/1262 [12:53<29:30,  1.76s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 258/2846529 [12:53<2371:43:10,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 258/2846529 [12:53<2371:43:11,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 257/1262 [12:55<31:12,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 257/1262 [12:55<31:12,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 259/2846529 [12:56<2368:59:05,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 259/2846529 [12:56<2368:59:07,  3.00s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 258/1262 [12:56<25:57,  1.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  20%|██        | 258/1262 [12:56<25:57,  1.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 260/2846529 [12:56<2362:22:46,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 260/2846529 [12:56<2362:22:48,  2.99s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 259/1262 [12:56<19:51,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 259/1262 [12:56<19:51,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 261/2846529 [12:57<2354:21:18,  2.98s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 261/2846529 [12:57<2354:21:19,  2.98s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 260/1262 [12:57<19:02,  1.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 260/1262 [12:57<19:02,  1.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 262/2846529 [12:58<2348:28:10,  2.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 262/2846529 [12:58<2348:28:12,  2.97s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 261/1262 [12:58<14:59,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 261/1262 [12:58<14:59,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 263/2846529 [12:58<2340:32:56,  2.96s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 263/2846529 [12:58<2340:32:58,  2.96s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 262/1262 [12:58<12:00,  1.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 262/1262 [12:58<12:00,  1.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 264/2846529 [12:58<2332:35:52,  2.95s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 264/2846529 [12:58<2332:35:54,  2.95s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 263/1262 [12:58<10:46,  1.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 263/1262 [12:58<10:46,  1.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 265/2846529 [12:59<2325:12:31,  2.94s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 265/2846529 [12:59<2325:12:33,  2.94s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 264/1262 [12:59<11:31,  1.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 264/1262 [12:59<11:31,  1.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 266/2846529 [13:00<2318:50:52,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 266/2846529 [13:00<2318:50:54,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 265/1262 [13:01<16:44,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 265/1262 [13:01<16:44,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 267/2846529 [13:01<2315:18:54,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 267/2846529 [13:01<2315:18:55,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 266/1262 [13:03<24:21,  1.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 266/1262 [13:03<24:21,  1.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 268/2846529 [13:04<2314:10:01,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 268/2846529 [13:04<2314:10:03,  2.93s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 267/1262 [13:04<18:43,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 267/1262 [13:04<18:43,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 269/2846529 [13:04<2306:33:50,  2.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 269/2846529 [13:04<2306:33:52,  2.92s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 268/1262 [13:04<14:45,  1.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██        | 268/1262 [13:04<14:45,  1.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 270/2846529 [13:05<2298:59:52,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 270/2846529 [13:05<2298:59:54,  2.91s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 269/1262 [13:05<12:49,  1.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 269/1262 [13:05<12:49,  1.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 271/2846529 [13:05<2291:59:10,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 271/2846529 [13:05<2291:59:11,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 270/1262 [13:07<19:12,  1.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 270/1262 [13:07<19:12,  1.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 272/2846529 [13:07<2289:33:26,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 272/2846529 [13:07<2289:33:27,  2.90s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 271/1262 [13:07<15:44,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  21%|██▏       | 271/1262 [13:07<15:44,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 273/2846529 [13:08<2282:31:37,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 273/2846529 [13:08<2282:31:39,  2.89s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 272/1262 [13:07<12:42,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 272/1262 [13:07<12:42,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 274/2846529 [13:08<2275:11:05,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 274/2846529 [13:08<2275:11:07,  2.88s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 273/1262 [13:08<13:09,  1.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 273/1262 [13:08<13:09,  1.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 275/2846529 [13:09<2269:23:35,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 275/2846529 [13:09<2269:23:37,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 274/1262 [13:10<17:16,  1.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 274/1262 [13:10<17:16,  1.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 276/2846529 [13:10<2265:51:13,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 276/2846529 [13:10<2265:51:15,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 275/1262 [13:11<16:29,  1.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 275/1262 [13:11<16:29,  1.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 277/2846529 [13:11<2260:13:14,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 277/2846529 [13:11<2260:13:15,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 276/1262 [13:11<13:50,  1.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 276/1262 [13:11<13:50,  1.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 278/2846529 [13:12<2253:25:31,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 278/2846529 [13:12<2253:25:32,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 277/1262 [13:12<13:08,  1.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 277/1262 [13:12<13:08,  1.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 279/2846529 [13:13<2247:20:32,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 279/2846529 [13:13<2247:20:33,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 278/1262 [13:13<12:53,  1.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 278/1262 [13:13<12:53,  1.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 280/2846529 [13:13<2241:26:07,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 280/2846529 [13:13<2241:26:08,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 279/1262 [13:15<22:18,  1.36s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 279/1262 [13:15<22:18,  1.36s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 281/2846529 [13:16<2241:03:57,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 281/2846529 [13:16<2241:03:58,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 280/1262 [13:16<17:35,  1.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 280/1262 [13:16<17:35,  1.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 282/2846529 [13:16<2234:15:12,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 282/2846529 [13:16<2234:15:14,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 281/1262 [13:16<14:15,  1.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 281/1262 [13:16<14:15,  1.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 283/2846529 [13:17<2227:28:43,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 283/2846529 [13:17<2227:28:44,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 282/1262 [13:17<11:57,  1.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 282/1262 [13:17<11:57,  1.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 284/2846529 [13:17<2220:45:39,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 284/2846529 [13:17<2220:45:40,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 283/1262 [13:17<09:58,  1.63it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  22%|██▏       | 283/1262 [13:17<09:58,  1.63it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 285/2846529 [13:18<2213:53:05,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 285/2846529 [13:18<2213:53:06,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 284/1262 [13:17<08:27,  1.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 284/1262 [13:17<08:27,  1.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 286/2846529 [13:18<2206:58:57,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 286/2846529 [13:18<2206:58:58,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 285/1262 [13:18<10:50,  1.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 285/1262 [13:18<10:50,  1.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 287/2846529 [13:19<2202:04:02,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 287/2846529 [13:19<2202:04:04,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 286/1262 [13:24<36:40,  2.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 286/1262 [13:24<36:40,  2.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 288/2846529 [13:25<2210:47:06,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 288/2846529 [13:25<2210:47:07,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 287/1262 [13:25<29:01,  1.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 287/1262 [13:25<29:01,  1.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 289/2846529 [13:26<2205:02:06,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 289/2846529 [13:26<2205:02:07,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 288/1262 [13:25<22:46,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 288/1262 [13:25<22:46,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 290/2846529 [13:26<2198:48:52,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 290/2846529 [13:26<2198:48:53,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 289/1262 [13:26<17:43,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 289/1262 [13:26<17:43,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 291/2846529 [13:26<2192:16:00,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 291/2846529 [13:26<2192:16:01,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 290/1262 [13:26<14:20,  1.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 290/1262 [13:26<14:20,  1.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 292/2846529 [13:27<2185:50:21,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 292/2846529 [13:27<2185:50:22,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 291/1262 [13:27<11:31,  1.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 291/1262 [13:27<11:31,  1.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 293/2846529 [13:27<2179:12:28,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 293/2846529 [13:27<2179:12:29,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 292/1262 [13:29<17:53,  1.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 292/1262 [13:29<17:53,  1.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 294/2846529 [13:29<2177:15:05,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 294/2846529 [13:29<2177:15:06,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 293/1262 [13:50<1:54:30,  7.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 293/1262 [13:50<1:54:30,  7.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 295/2846529 [13:50<2226:17:24,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 295/2846529 [13:50<2226:17:25,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 294/1262 [13:51<1:27:55,  5.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 294/1262 [13:51<1:27:55,  5.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 296/2846529 [13:52<2223:06:00,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 296/2846529 [13:52<2223:06:01,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 295/1262 [14:06<2:13:01,  8.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 295/1262 [14:06<2:13:01,  8.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 297/2846529 [14:07<2255:00:14,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 297/2846529 [14:07<2255:00:15,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 296/1262 [14:06<1:34:51,  5.89s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  23%|██▎       | 296/1262 [14:06<1:34:51,  5.89s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 298/2846529 [14:07<2248:26:23,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 298/2846529 [14:07<2248:26:24,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 297/1262 [14:08<1:12:50,  4.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 297/1262 [14:08<1:12:50,  4.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 299/2846529 [14:08<2244:29:11,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 299/2846529 [14:08<2244:29:12,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 298/1262 [14:15<1:26:38,  5.39s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 298/1262 [14:15<1:26:38,  5.39s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 300/2846529 [14:16<2256:31:59,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 300/2846529 [14:16<2256:32:00,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 299/1262 [14:16<1:02:12,  3.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▎       | 299/1262 [14:16<1:02:12,  3.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 301/2846529 [14:16<2249:55:15,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 301/2846529 [14:16<2249:55:16,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 300/1262 [14:16<46:41,  2.91s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 300/1262 [14:16<46:41,  2.91s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 302/2846529 [14:17<2244:12:04,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 302/2846529 [14:17<2244:12:05,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 301/1262 [14:17<34:06,  2.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 301/1262 [14:17<34:06,  2.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 303/2846529 [14:17<2237:35:09,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 303/2846529 [14:17<2237:35:10,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 302/1262 [14:17<25:27,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 302/1262 [14:17<25:27,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 304/2846529 [14:17<2231:05:40,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 304/2846529 [14:17<2231:05:41,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 303/1262 [14:18<21:07,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 303/1262 [14:18<21:07,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 305/2846529 [14:18<2225:34:49,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 305/2846529 [14:18<2225:34:50,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 304/1262 [14:21<33:33,  2.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 304/1262 [14:21<33:33,  2.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 306/2846529 [14:22<2228:26:15,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 306/2846529 [14:22<2228:26:16,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 305/1262 [14:23<31:05,  1.95s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 305/1262 [14:23<31:05,  1.95s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 307/2846529 [14:24<2225:16:57,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 307/2846529 [14:24<2225:16:58,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 306/1262 [14:24<26:08,  1.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 306/1262 [14:24<26:08,  1.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 308/2846529 [14:25<2220:25:20,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 308/2846529 [14:25<2220:25:21,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 307/1262 [14:26<30:16,  1.90s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 307/1262 [14:26<30:16,  1.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 309/2846529 [14:27<2219:39:37,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 309/2846529 [14:27<2219:39:38,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 308/1262 [14:27<24:04,  1.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 308/1262 [14:27<24:04,  1.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 310/2846529 [14:28<2214:02:58,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 310/2846529 [14:28<2214:03:00,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 309/1262 [14:27<18:26,  1.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  24%|██▍       | 309/1262 [14:27<18:26,  1.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 311/2846529 [14:28<2207:47:07,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 311/2846529 [14:28<2207:47:08,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 310/1262 [14:28<14:29,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 310/1262 [14:28<14:29,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 312/2846529 [14:28<2201:33:36,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 312/2846529 [14:28<2201:33:38,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 311/1262 [14:28<11:53,  1.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 311/1262 [14:28<11:53,  1.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 313/2846529 [14:29<2195:27:49,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 313/2846529 [14:29<2195:27:50,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 312/1262 [14:29<10:22,  1.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 312/1262 [14:29<10:22,  1.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 314/2846529 [14:29<2189:33:58,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 314/2846529 [14:29<2189:34:00,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 313/1262 [14:29<10:24,  1.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 313/1262 [14:29<10:24,  1.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 315/2846529 [14:30<2184:16:24,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 315/2846529 [14:30<2184:16:25,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 314/1262 [14:30<09:47,  1.61it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 314/1262 [14:30<09:47,  1.61it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 316/2846529 [14:30<2178:41:19,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 316/2846529 [14:30<2178:41:20,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 315/1262 [14:30<08:34,  1.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▍       | 315/1262 [14:30<08:34,  1.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 317/2846529 [14:31<2172:43:24,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 317/2846529 [14:31<2172:43:25,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 316/1262 [14:30<07:43,  2.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 316/1262 [14:30<07:43,  2.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 318/2846529 [14:31<2166:48:10,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 318/2846529 [14:31<2166:48:11,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 317/1262 [14:40<51:17,  3.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 317/1262 [14:40<51:17,  3.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 319/2846529 [14:41<2184:04:48,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 319/2846529 [14:41<2184:04:50,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 318/1262 [14:41<38:25,  2.44s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 318/1262 [14:41<38:25,  2.44s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 320/2846529 [14:41<2178:35:26,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 320/2846529 [14:41<2178:35:28,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 319/1262 [14:44<42:59,  2.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 319/1262 [14:44<42:59,  2.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 321/2846529 [14:45<2180:13:32,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 321/2846529 [14:45<2180:13:33,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 320/1262 [14:45<32:52,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 320/1262 [14:45<32:52,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 322/2846529 [14:45<2174:55:26,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 322/2846529 [14:45<2174:55:28,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 321/1262 [14:45<24:53,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  25%|██▌       | 321/1262 [14:45<24:53,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 323/2846529 [14:46<2169:10:27,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 323/2846529 [14:46<2169:10:28,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 322/1262 [14:46<20:13,  1.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 322/1262 [14:46<20:13,  1.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 324/2846529 [14:46<2163:56:55,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 324/2846529 [14:46<2163:56:56,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 323/1262 [14:46<16:39,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 323/1262 [14:46<16:39,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 325/2846529 [14:47<2158:35:38,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 325/2846529 [14:47<2158:35:39,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 324/1262 [14:47<13:04,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 324/1262 [14:47<13:04,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 326/2846529 [14:47<2152:42:15,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 326/2846529 [14:47<2152:42:17,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 325/1262 [14:50<25:31,  1.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 325/1262 [14:50<25:31,  1.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 327/2846529 [14:51<2154:34:44,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 327/2846529 [14:51<2154:34:45,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 326/1262 [14:53<33:24,  2.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 326/1262 [14:53<33:24,  2.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 328/2846529 [14:54<2156:01:22,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 328/2846529 [14:54<2156:01:23,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 327/1262 [14:54<25:15,  1.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 327/1262 [14:54<25:15,  1.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 329/2846529 [14:54<2150:26:47,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 329/2846529 [14:54<2150:26:48,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 328/1262 [14:54<19:32,  1.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 328/1262 [14:54<19:32,  1.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 330/2846529 [14:55<2144:53:43,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 330/2846529 [14:55<2144:53:45,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 329/1262 [14:55<15:06,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 329/1262 [14:55<15:06,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 331/2846529 [14:55<2139:09:03,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 331/2846529 [14:55<2139:09:04,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 330/1262 [15:04<55:44,  3.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 330/1262 [15:04<55:44,  3.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 332/2846529 [15:05<2155:47:48,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 332/2846529 [15:05<2155:47:49,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 331/1262 [15:10<1:05:21,  4.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▌       | 331/1262 [15:10<1:05:21,  4.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 333/2846529 [15:10<2162:46:40,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 333/2846529 [15:10<2162:46:42,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 332/1262 [15:10<47:17,  3.05s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 332/1262 [15:10<47:17,  3.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 334/2846529 [15:11<2157:06:44,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 334/2846529 [15:11<2157:06:45,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 333/1262 [15:11<35:07,  2.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 333/1262 [15:11<35:07,  2.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 335/2846529 [15:11<2151:42:44,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 335/2846529 [15:11<2151:42:46,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 334/1262 [15:11<26:18,  1.70s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  26%|██▋       | 334/1262 [15:11<26:18,  1.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 336/2846529 [15:12<2146:11:30,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 336/2846529 [15:12<2146:11:31,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 335/1262 [15:11<20:06,  1.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 335/1262 [15:11<20:06,  1.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 337/2846529 [15:12<2140:41:23,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 337/2846529 [15:12<2140:41:24,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 336/1262 [15:12<15:55,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 336/1262 [15:12<15:55,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 338/2846529 [15:12<2135:18:04,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 338/2846529 [15:12<2135:18:05,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 337/1262 [15:13<15:26,  1.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 337/1262 [15:13<15:26,  1.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 339/2846529 [15:13<2131:10:22,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 339/2846529 [15:13<2131:10:23,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 338/1262 [15:13<12:50,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 338/1262 [15:13<12:50,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 340/2846529 [15:14<2125:56:07,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 340/2846529 [15:14<2125:56:08,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 339/1262 [15:13<10:13,  1.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 339/1262 [15:13<10:13,  1.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 341/2846529 [15:14<2120:19:38,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 341/2846529 [15:14<2120:19:40,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 340/1262 [15:14<10:41,  1.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 340/1262 [15:14<10:41,  1.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 342/2846529 [15:15<2115:54:04,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 342/2846529 [15:15<2115:54:05,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 341/1262 [15:15<09:29,  1.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 341/1262 [15:15<09:29,  1.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 343/2846529 [15:15<2110:44:25,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 343/2846529 [15:15<2110:44:26,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 342/1262 [15:15<08:22,  1.83it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 342/1262 [15:15<08:22,  1.83it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 344/2846529 [15:16<2105:28:08,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 344/2846529 [15:16<2105:28:09,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 343/1262 [15:16<07:53,  1.94it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 343/1262 [15:16<07:53,  1.94it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 345/2846529 [15:16<2100:22:44,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 345/2846529 [15:16<2100:22:45,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 344/1262 [15:16<09:28,  1.62it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 344/1262 [15:16<09:28,  1.62it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 346/2846529 [15:17<2096:16:45,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 346/2846529 [15:17<2096:16:46,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 345/1262 [15:17<09:06,  1.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 345/1262 [15:17<09:06,  1.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 347/2846529 [15:17<2091:28:18,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 347/2846529 [15:17<2091:28:19,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 346/1262 [15:17<07:56,  1.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 346/1262 [15:17<07:56,  1.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 348/2846529 [15:18<2086:14:17,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 348/2846529 [15:18<2086:14:18,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 347/1262 [15:20<16:45,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  27%|██▋       | 347/1262 [15:20<16:45,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 349/2846529 [15:20<2085:48:24,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 349/2846529 [15:20<2085:48:25,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 348/1262 [15:21<15:30,  1.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 348/1262 [15:21<15:30,  1.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 350/2846529 [15:21<2081:43:19,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 350/2846529 [15:21<2081:43:20,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 349/1262 [15:21<12:31,  1.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 349/1262 [15:21<12:31,  1.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 351/2846529 [15:21<2076:37:23,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 351/2846529 [15:21<2076:37:24,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 350/1262 [15:22<11:30,  1.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 350/1262 [15:22<11:30,  1.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 352/2846529 [15:22<2072:04:36,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 352/2846529 [15:22<2072:04:37,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 351/1262 [15:24<20:10,  1.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 351/1262 [15:24<20:10,  1.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 353/2846529 [15:25<2072:10:14,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 353/2846529 [15:25<2072:10:15,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 352/1262 [15:25<15:40,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 352/1262 [15:25<15:40,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 354/2846529 [15:25<2067:04:59,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 354/2846529 [15:25<2067:05:00,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 353/1262 [15:25<12:47,  1.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 353/1262 [15:25<12:47,  1.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 355/2846529 [15:25<2062:09:32,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 355/2846529 [15:25<2062:09:33,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 354/1262 [15:25<10:37,  1.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 354/1262 [15:25<10:37,  1.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 356/2846529 [15:26<2057:11:16,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 356/2846529 [15:26<2057:11:17,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 355/1262 [15:27<13:56,  1.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 355/1262 [15:27<13:56,  1.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 357/2846529 [15:27<2054:36:05,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 357/2846529 [15:27<2054:36:06,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 356/1262 [15:27<11:44,  1.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 356/1262 [15:27<11:44,  1.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 358/2846529 [15:28<2049:50:15,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 358/2846529 [15:28<2049:50:16,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 357/1262 [15:28<09:45,  1.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 357/1262 [15:28<09:45,  1.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 359/2846529 [15:28<2044:52:32,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 359/2846529 [15:28<2044:52:33,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 358/1262 [15:28<08:56,  1.69it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 358/1262 [15:28<08:56,  1.69it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 360/2846529 [15:29<2040:13:25,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 360/2846529 [15:29<2040:13:26,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 359/1262 [15:49<1:41:30,  6.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  28%|██▊       | 359/1262 [15:49<1:41:30,  6.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 361/2846529 [15:50<2080:46:39,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 361/2846529 [15:50<2080:46:40,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 360/1262 [15:50<1:14:17,  4.94s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 360/1262 [15:50<1:14:17,  4.94s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 362/2846529 [15:50<2076:37:56,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 362/2846529 [15:50<2076:37:57,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 361/1262 [15:50<53:45,  3.58s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 361/1262 [15:50<53:45,  3.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 363/2846529 [15:51<2071:47:27,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 363/2846529 [15:51<2071:47:28,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 362/1262 [15:51<39:43,  2.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▊       | 362/1262 [15:51<39:43,  2.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 364/2846529 [15:51<2067:07:38,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 364/2846529 [15:51<2067:07:39,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 363/1262 [15:57<56:00,  3.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 363/1262 [15:57<56:00,  3.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 365/2846529 [15:58<2075:04:09,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 365/2846529 [15:58<2075:04:11,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 364/1262 [15:59<47:26,  3.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 364/1262 [15:59<47:26,  3.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 366/2846529 [15:59<2073:22:49,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 366/2846529 [15:59<2073:22:50,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 365/1262 [15:59<34:50,  2.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 365/1262 [15:59<34:50,  2.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 367/2846529 [16:00<2068:31:50,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 367/2846529 [16:00<2068:31:51,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 366/1262 [16:00<26:55,  1.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 366/1262 [16:00<26:55,  1.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 368/2846529 [16:00<2064:08:11,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 368/2846529 [16:00<2064:08:12,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 367/1262 [16:00<20:21,  1.36s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 367/1262 [16:00<20:21,  1.36s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 369/2846529 [16:01<2059:16:27,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 369/2846529 [16:01<2059:16:28,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 368/1262 [16:01<16:10,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 368/1262 [16:01<16:10,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 370/2846529 [16:01<2054:38:03,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 370/2846529 [16:01<2054:38:04,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 369/1262 [16:01<13:25,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 369/1262 [16:01<13:25,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 371/2846529 [16:02<2050:06:18,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 371/2846529 [16:02<2050:06:19,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 370/1262 [16:02<12:13,  1.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 370/1262 [16:02<12:13,  1.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 372/2846529 [16:02<2045:56:52,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 372/2846529 [16:02<2045:56:53,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 371/1262 [16:15<1:06:42,  4.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 371/1262 [16:15<1:06:42,  4.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 373/2846529 [16:15<2068:08:12,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 373/2846529 [16:15<2068:08:13,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 372/1262 [16:15<49:54,  3.36s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  29%|██▉       | 372/1262 [16:15<49:54,  3.36s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 374/2846529 [16:16<2064:09:18,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 374/2846529 [16:16<2064:09:19,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 373/1262 [16:16<38:50,  2.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 373/1262 [16:16<38:50,  2.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 375/2846529 [16:17<2060:31:19,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 375/2846529 [16:17<2060:31:20,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 374/1262 [16:37<2:00:56,  8.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 374/1262 [16:37<2:00:56,  8.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 376/2846529 [16:38<2099:27:08,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 376/2846529 [16:38<2099:27:09,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 375/1262 [16:38<1:26:30,  5.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 375/1262 [16:38<1:26:30,  5.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 377/2846529 [16:38<2094:48:07,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 377/2846529 [16:38<2094:48:08,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 376/1262 [16:40<1:10:45,  4.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 376/1262 [16:40<1:10:45,  4.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 378/2846529 [16:41<2094:06:46,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 378/2846529 [16:41<2094:06:47,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 377/1262 [16:41<52:27,  3.56s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 377/1262 [16:41<52:27,  3.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 379/2846529 [16:41<2089:59:22,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 379/2846529 [16:41<2089:59:23,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 378/1262 [16:41<38:28,  2.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|██▉       | 378/1262 [16:41<38:28,  2.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 380/2846529 [16:42<2085:20:06,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 380/2846529 [16:42<2085:20:07,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 379/1262 [16:42<29:08,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 379/1262 [16:42<29:08,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 381/2846529 [16:42<2080:54:54,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 381/2846529 [16:42<2080:54:55,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 380/1262 [17:03<1:53:04,  7.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 380/1262 [17:03<1:53:04,  7.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 382/2846529 [17:03<2118:57:59,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 382/2846529 [17:03<2118:58:00,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 381/1262 [17:24<2:51:39, 11.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 381/1262 [17:24<2:51:39, 11.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 383/2846529 [17:24<2156:49:29,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 383/2846529 [17:24<2156:49:30,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 382/1262 [17:45<3:32:31, 14.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 382/1262 [17:45<3:32:31, 14.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 384/2846529 [17:45<2194:29:28,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 384/2846529 [17:45<2194:29:29,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 383/1262 [17:45<2:31:16, 10.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 383/1262 [17:45<2:31:16, 10.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 385/2846529 [17:46<2190:02:12,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 385/2846529 [17:46<2190:02:13,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 384/1262 [17:46<1:47:33,  7.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  30%|███       | 384/1262 [17:46<1:47:33,  7.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 386/2846529 [17:46<2185:11:50,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 386/2846529 [17:46<2185:11:51,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 385/1262 [17:46<1:16:23,  5.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 385/1262 [17:46<1:16:23,  5.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 387/2846529 [17:47<2180:06:17,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 387/2846529 [17:47<2180:06:18,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 386/1262 [17:47<55:12,  3.78s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 386/1262 [17:47<55:12,  3.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 388/2846529 [17:47<2175:19:04,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 388/2846529 [17:47<2175:19:05,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 387/1262 [17:47<41:39,  2.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 387/1262 [17:47<41:39,  2.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 389/2846529 [17:48<2171:08:54,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 389/2846529 [17:48<2171:08:55,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 388/1262 [17:48<30:45,  2.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 388/1262 [17:48<30:45,  2.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 390/2846529 [17:48<2166:20:05,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 390/2846529 [17:48<2166:20:06,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 389/1262 [17:49<26:19,  1.81s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 389/1262 [17:49<26:19,  1.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 391/2846529 [17:49<2163:01:32,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 391/2846529 [17:49<2163:01:33,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 390/1262 [17:49<20:19,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 390/1262 [17:49<20:19,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 392/2846529 [17:50<2158:23:50,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 392/2846529 [17:50<2158:23:51,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 391/1262 [17:51<21:06,  1.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 391/1262 [17:51<21:06,  1.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 393/2846529 [17:51<2156:05:25,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 393/2846529 [17:51<2156:05:26,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 392/1262 [18:12<1:46:59,  7.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 392/1262 [18:12<1:46:59,  7.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 394/2846529 [18:12<2193:09:33,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 394/2846529 [18:12<2193:09:34,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 393/1262 [18:12<1:16:08,  5.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 393/1262 [18:12<1:16:08,  5.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 395/2846529 [18:13<2188:13:32,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 395/2846529 [18:13<2188:13:33,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 394/1262 [18:13<55:53,  3.86s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███       | 394/1262 [18:13<55:53,  3.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 396/2846529 [18:13<2183:55:08,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 396/2846529 [18:13<2183:55:09,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 395/1262 [18:15<46:30,  3.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 395/1262 [18:15<46:30,  3.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 397/2846529 [18:15<2181:49:32,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 397/2846529 [18:15<2181:49:33,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 396/1262 [18:15<34:34,  2.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 396/1262 [18:15<34:34,  2.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 398/2846529 [18:16<2177:17:23,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 398/2846529 [18:16<2177:17:24,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 397/1262 [18:17<32:06,  2.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  31%|███▏      | 397/1262 [18:17<32:06,  2.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 399/2846529 [18:17<2175:28:04,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 399/2846529 [18:17<2175:28:05,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 398/1262 [18:19<32:18,  2.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 398/1262 [18:19<32:18,  2.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 400/2846529 [18:20<2174:32:03,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 400/2846529 [18:20<2174:32:04,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 399/1262 [18:35<1:29:03,  6.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 399/1262 [18:35<1:29:03,  6.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 401/2846529 [18:35<2199:28:51,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 401/2846529 [18:35<2199:28:52,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 400/1262 [18:38<1:15:15,  5.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 400/1262 [18:38<1:15:15,  5.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 402/2846529 [18:38<2199:56:07,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 402/2846529 [18:38<2199:56:08,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 401/1262 [18:59<2:23:35, 10.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 401/1262 [18:59<2:23:35, 10.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 403/2846529 [18:59<2235:55:52,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 403/2846529 [18:59<2235:55:53,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 402/1262 [18:59<1:42:09,  7.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 402/1262 [18:59<1:42:09,  7.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 404/2846529 [19:00<2231:11:51,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 404/2846529 [19:00<2231:11:52,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 403/1262 [19:00<1:14:51,  5.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 403/1262 [19:00<1:14:51,  5.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 405/2846529 [19:00<2227:14:43,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 405/2846529 [19:00<2227:14:45,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 404/1262 [19:01<59:01,  4.13s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 404/1262 [19:01<59:01,  4.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 406/2846529 [19:02<2224:47:27,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 406/2846529 [19:02<2224:47:28,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 405/1262 [19:19<1:55:26,  8.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 405/1262 [19:19<1:55:26,  8.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 407/2846529 [19:19<2252:57:09,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 407/2846529 [19:19<2252:57:10,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 406/1262 [19:22<1:35:12,  6.67s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 406/1262 [19:22<1:35:12,  6.67s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 408/2846529 [19:23<2253:59:29,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 408/2846529 [19:23<2253:59:30,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 407/1262 [19:23<1:08:52,  4.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 407/1262 [19:23<1:08:52,  4.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 409/2846529 [19:23<2249:31:10,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 409/2846529 [19:23<2249:31:11,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 408/1262 [19:23<50:03,  3.52s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 408/1262 [19:23<50:03,  3.52s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 410/2846529 [19:24<2244:53:22,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 410/2846529 [19:24<2244:53:23,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 409/1262 [19:24<37:09,  2.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 409/1262 [19:24<37:09,  2.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 411/2846529 [19:24<2240:24:21,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 411/2846529 [19:24<2240:24:22,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 410/1262 [19:29<49:09,  3.46s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  32%|███▏      | 410/1262 [19:29<49:09,  3.46s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 412/2846529 [19:30<2245:24:12,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 412/2846529 [19:30<2245:24:13,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 411/1262 [19:30<37:15,  2.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 411/1262 [19:30<37:15,  2.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 413/2846529 [19:30<2241:15:46,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 413/2846529 [19:30<2241:15:47,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 412/1262 [19:30<29:03,  2.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 412/1262 [19:30<29:03,  2.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 414/2846529 [19:31<2237:12:18,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 414/2846529 [19:31<2237:12:19,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 413/1262 [19:31<23:35,  1.67s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 413/1262 [19:31<23:35,  1.67s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 415/2846529 [19:32<2233:16:48,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 415/2846529 [19:32<2233:16:48,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 414/1262 [19:32<19:19,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 414/1262 [19:32<19:19,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 416/2846529 [19:32<2229:10:57,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 416/2846529 [19:32<2229:10:58,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 415/1262 [19:32<14:57,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 415/1262 [19:32<14:57,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 417/2846529 [19:33<2224:28:44,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 417/2846529 [19:33<2224:28:45,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 416/1262 [19:33<13:11,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 416/1262 [19:33<13:11,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 418/2846529 [19:33<2220:22:51,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 418/2846529 [19:33<2220:22:52,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 417/1262 [19:34<12:02,  1.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 417/1262 [19:34<12:02,  1.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 419/2846529 [19:34<2216:20:12,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 419/2846529 [19:34<2216:20:13,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 418/1262 [19:34<10:18,  1.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 418/1262 [19:34<10:18,  1.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 420/2846529 [19:35<2211:54:11,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 420/2846529 [19:35<2211:54:12,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 419/1262 [19:34<08:45,  1.60it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 419/1262 [19:34<08:45,  1.60it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 421/2846529 [19:35<2207:20:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 421/2846529 [19:35<2207:20:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 420/1262 [19:35<07:41,  1.82it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 420/1262 [19:35<07:41,  1.82it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 422/2846529 [19:35<2202:48:32,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 422/2846529 [19:35<2202:48:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 421/1262 [19:35<07:15,  1.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 421/1262 [19:35<07:15,  1.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 423/2846529 [19:36<2198:26:07,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 423/2846529 [19:36<2198:26:08,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 422/1262 [19:36<08:02,  1.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  33%|███▎      | 422/1262 [19:36<08:02,  1.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 424/2846529 [19:36<2194:33:59,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 424/2846529 [19:36<2194:34:00,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 423/1262 [19:37<08:50,  1.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 423/1262 [19:37<08:50,  1.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 425/2846529 [19:37<2190:49:51,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 425/2846529 [19:37<2190:49:53,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 424/1262 [19:37<07:44,  1.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 424/1262 [19:37<07:44,  1.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 426/2846529 [19:38<2186:22:41,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 426/2846529 [19:38<2186:22:42,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 425/1262 [19:37<06:58,  2.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▎      | 425/1262 [19:37<06:58,  2.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 427/2846529 [19:38<2181:56:54,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 427/2846529 [19:38<2181:56:55,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 426/1262 [19:58<1:32:33,  6.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 426/1262 [19:58<1:32:33,  6.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 428/2846529 [19:59<2215:35:36,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 428/2846529 [19:59<2215:35:37,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 427/1262 [20:10<1:53:08,  8.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 427/1262 [20:10<1:53:08,  8.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 429/2846529 [20:11<2231:48:25,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 429/2846529 [20:11<2231:48:26,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 428/1262 [20:11<1:21:20,  5.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 428/1262 [20:11<1:21:20,  5.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 430/2846529 [20:11<2227:36:04,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 430/2846529 [20:11<2227:36:04,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 429/1262 [20:11<1:00:03,  4.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 429/1262 [20:11<1:00:03,  4.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 431/2846529 [20:12<2223:50:18,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 431/2846529 [20:12<2223:50:19,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 430/1262 [20:12<43:33,  3.14s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 430/1262 [20:12<43:33,  3.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 432/2846529 [20:12<2219:22:41,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 432/2846529 [20:12<2219:22:42,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 431/1262 [20:12<31:51,  2.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 431/1262 [20:12<31:51,  2.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 433/2846529 [20:13<2214:52:06,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 433/2846529 [20:13<2214:52:07,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 432/1262 [20:33<1:49:45,  7.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 432/1262 [20:33<1:49:45,  7.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 434/2846529 [20:34<2248:10:03,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 434/2846529 [20:34<2248:10:04,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 433/1262 [20:33<1:18:09,  5.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 433/1262 [20:33<1:18:09,  5.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 435/2846529 [20:34<2243:37:21,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 435/2846529 [20:34<2243:37:22,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 434/1262 [20:34<56:03,  4.06s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 434/1262 [20:34<56:03,  4.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 436/2846529 [20:34<2239:05:42,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 436/2846529 [20:34<2239:05:43,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 435/1262 [20:34<40:36,  2.95s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  34%|███▍      | 435/1262 [20:34<40:36,  2.95s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 437/2846529 [20:35<2234:35:21,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 437/2846529 [20:35<2234:35:22,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 436/1262 [20:35<31:43,  2.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 436/1262 [20:35<31:43,  2.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 438/2846529 [20:35<2230:56:33,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 438/2846529 [20:35<2230:56:34,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 437/1262 [20:35<23:33,  1.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 437/1262 [20:35<23:33,  1.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 439/2846529 [20:36<2226:27:51,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 439/2846529 [20:36<2226:27:52,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 438/1262 [20:37<21:35,  1.57s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 438/1262 [20:37<21:35,  1.57s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 440/2846529 [20:37<2223:37:59,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 440/2846529 [20:37<2223:38:00,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 439/1262 [20:37<16:22,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 439/1262 [20:37<16:22,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 441/2846529 [20:37<2219:08:42,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 441/2846529 [20:37<2219:08:43,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 440/1262 [20:37<13:06,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 440/1262 [20:37<13:06,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 442/2846529 [20:38<2214:50:53,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 442/2846529 [20:38<2214:50:54,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 441/1262 [20:38<11:14,  1.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▍      | 441/1262 [20:38<11:14,  1.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 443/2846529 [20:38<2210:44:51,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 443/2846529 [20:38<2210:44:52,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 442/1262 [20:41<23:04,  1.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 442/1262 [20:41<23:04,  1.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 444/2846529 [20:42<2212:22:31,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 444/2846529 [20:42<2212:22:32,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 443/1262 [20:42<18:28,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 443/1262 [20:42<18:28,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 445/2846529 [20:43<2208:25:09,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 445/2846529 [20:43<2208:25:10,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 444/1262 [20:42<14:27,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 444/1262 [20:42<14:27,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 446/2846529 [20:43<2204:07:59,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 446/2846529 [20:43<2204:08:00,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 445/1262 [20:58<1:14:46,  5.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 445/1262 [20:58<1:14:46,  5.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 447/2846529 [20:59<2227:12:16,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 447/2846529 [20:59<2227:12:17,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 446/1262 [21:00<1:00:08,  4.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 446/1262 [21:00<1:00:08,  4.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 448/2846529 [21:01<2225:38:05,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 448/2846529 [21:01<2225:38:06,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 447/1262 [21:01<43:51,  3.23s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 447/1262 [21:01<43:51,  3.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 449/2846529 [21:01<2221:27:17,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 449/2846529 [21:01<2221:27:17,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 448/1262 [21:02<37:52,  2.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  35%|███▌      | 448/1262 [21:02<37:52,  2.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 450/2846529 [21:03<2219:37:47,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 450/2846529 [21:03<2219:37:48,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 449/1262 [21:06<41:34,  3.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 449/1262 [21:06<41:34,  3.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 451/2846529 [21:07<2221:13:00,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 451/2846529 [21:07<2221:13:01,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 450/1262 [21:12<51:33,  3.81s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 450/1262 [21:12<51:33,  3.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 452/2846529 [21:12<2225:59:28,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 452/2846529 [21:12<2225:59:30,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 451/1262 [21:15<47:48,  3.54s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 451/1262 [21:15<47:48,  3.54s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 453/2846529 [21:15<2226:08:31,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 453/2846529 [21:15<2226:08:33,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 452/1262 [21:16<40:51,  3.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 452/1262 [21:16<40:51,  3.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 454/2846529 [21:17<2224:25:52,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 454/2846529 [21:17<2224:25:53,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 453/1262 [21:17<31:11,  2.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 453/1262 [21:17<31:11,  2.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 455/2846529 [21:18<2220:40:01,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 455/2846529 [21:18<2220:40:02,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 454/1262 [21:17<23:18,  1.73s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 454/1262 [21:17<23:18,  1.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 456/2846529 [21:18<2216:26:31,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 456/2846529 [21:18<2216:26:32,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 455/1262 [21:18<17:48,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 455/1262 [21:18<17:48,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 457/2846529 [21:18<2212:14:21,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 457/2846529 [21:18<2212:14:22,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 456/1262 [21:27<47:39,  3.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 456/1262 [21:27<47:39,  3.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 458/2846529 [21:27<2222:29:17,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 458/2846529 [21:27<2222:29:18,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 457/1262 [21:47<1:57:45,  8.78s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▌      | 457/1262 [21:47<1:57:45,  8.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 459/2846529 [21:48<2253:46:53,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 459/2846529 [21:48<2253:46:54,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 458/1262 [21:48<1:23:50,  6.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 458/1262 [21:48<1:23:50,  6.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 460/2846529 [21:48<2249:31:26,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 460/2846529 [21:48<2249:31:26,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 459/1262 [21:55<1:28:27,  6.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 459/1262 [21:55<1:28:27,  6.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 461/2846529 [21:56<2257:23:27,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 461/2846529 [21:56<2257:23:28,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 460/1262 [21:56<1:03:28,  4.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  36%|███▋      | 460/1262 [21:56<1:03:28,  4.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 462/2846529 [21:56<2253:11:54,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 462/2846529 [21:56<2253:11:55,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 461/1262 [21:56<45:51,  3.43s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 461/1262 [21:56<45:51,  3.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 463/2846529 [21:57<2248:57:40,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 463/2846529 [21:57<2248:57:41,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 462/1262 [21:57<34:28,  2.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 462/1262 [21:57<34:28,  2.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 464/2846529 [21:57<2245:08:29,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 464/2846529 [21:57<2245:08:30,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 463/1262 [21:57<25:27,  1.91s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 463/1262 [21:57<25:27,  1.91s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 465/2846529 [21:58<2240:53:24,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 465/2846529 [21:58<2240:53:25,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 464/1262 [22:18<1:41:48,  7.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 464/1262 [22:18<1:41:48,  7.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 466/2846529 [22:19<2271:48:02,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 466/2846529 [22:19<2271:48:03,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 465/1262 [22:19<1:14:06,  5.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 465/1262 [22:19<1:14:06,  5.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 467/2846529 [22:19<2268:10:45,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 467/2846529 [22:19<2268:10:45,  2.87s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 466/1262 [22:19<54:35,  4.11s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 466/1262 [22:19<54:35,  4.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 468/2846529 [22:20<2264:30:46,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 468/2846529 [22:20<2264:30:47,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 467/1262 [22:20<39:38,  2.99s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 467/1262 [22:20<39:38,  2.99s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 469/2846529 [22:20<2260:18:29,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 469/2846529 [22:20<2260:18:30,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 468/1262 [22:22<35:40,  2.70s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 468/1262 [22:22<35:40,  2.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 470/2846529 [22:22<2258:52:22,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 470/2846529 [22:22<2258:52:23,  2.86s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 469/1262 [22:22<26:24,  2.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 469/1262 [22:22<26:24,  2.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 471/2846529 [22:23<2254:41:47,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 471/2846529 [22:23<2254:41:48,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 470/1262 [22:23<19:39,  1.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 470/1262 [22:23<19:39,  1.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 472/2846529 [22:23<2250:25:36,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 472/2846529 [22:23<2250:25:37,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 471/1262 [22:23<16:58,  1.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 471/1262 [22:23<16:58,  1.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 473/2846529 [22:24<2247:02:05,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 473/2846529 [22:24<2247:02:06,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 472/1262 [22:24<15:22,  1.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 472/1262 [22:24<15:22,  1.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 474/2846529 [22:25<2243:46:33,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 474/2846529 [22:25<2243:46:35,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 473/1262 [22:25<13:13,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  37%|███▋      | 473/1262 [22:25<13:13,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 475/2846529 [22:25<2240:05:48,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 475/2846529 [22:25<2240:05:49,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 474/1262 [22:26<14:21,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 474/1262 [22:26<14:21,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 476/2846529 [22:27<2237:32:28,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 476/2846529 [22:27<2237:32:29,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 475/1262 [22:27<11:29,  1.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 475/1262 [22:27<11:29,  1.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 477/2846529 [22:27<2233:27:52,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 477/2846529 [22:27<2233:27:52,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 476/1262 [22:27<09:22,  1.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 476/1262 [22:27<09:22,  1.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 478/2846529 [22:27<2229:21:11,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 478/2846529 [22:27<2229:21:11,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 477/1262 [22:29<16:37,  1.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 477/1262 [22:29<16:37,  1.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 479/2846529 [22:30<2228:55:52,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 479/2846529 [22:30<2228:55:52,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 478/1262 [22:33<24:16,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 478/1262 [22:33<24:16,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 480/2846529 [22:33<2229:36:19,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 480/2846529 [22:33<2229:36:19,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 479/1262 [22:34<20:58,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 479/1262 [22:34<20:58,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 481/2846529 [22:34<2226:38:45,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 481/2846529 [22:34<2226:38:46,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 480/1262 [22:34<15:58,  1.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 480/1262 [22:34<15:58,  1.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 482/2846529 [22:35<2222:34:47,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 482/2846529 [22:35<2222:34:47,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 481/1262 [22:34<12:44,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 481/1262 [22:34<12:44,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 483/2846529 [22:35<2218:38:05,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 483/2846529 [22:35<2218:38:06,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 482/1262 [22:35<12:45,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 482/1262 [22:35<12:45,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 484/2846529 [22:36<2215:39:39,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 484/2846529 [22:36<2215:39:40,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 483/1262 [22:57<1:31:07,  7.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 483/1262 [22:57<1:31:07,  7.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 485/2846529 [22:57<2245:29:38,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 485/2846529 [22:57<2245:29:39,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 484/1262 [22:57<1:05:08,  5.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 484/1262 [22:57<1:05:08,  5.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 486/2846529 [22:57<2241:28:31,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 486/2846529 [22:57<2241:28:32,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 485/1262 [22:58<48:29,  3.74s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  38%|███▊      | 485/1262 [22:58<48:29,  3.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 487/2846529 [22:58<2238:06:10,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 487/2846529 [22:58<2238:06:11,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 486/1262 [22:58<35:26,  2.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 486/1262 [22:58<35:26,  2.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 488/2846529 [22:59<2234:09:35,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 488/2846529 [22:59<2234:09:36,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 487/1262 [22:59<29:14,  2.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 487/1262 [22:59<29:14,  2.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 489/2846529 [23:00<2231:27:13,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 489/2846529 [23:00<2231:27:14,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 488/1262 [23:00<21:59,  1.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 488/1262 [23:00<21:59,  1.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 490/2846529 [23:00<2227:32:46,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 490/2846529 [23:00<2227:32:47,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 489/1262 [23:00<17:41,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▊      | 489/1262 [23:00<17:41,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 491/2846529 [23:01<2223:58:22,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 491/2846529 [23:01<2223:58:23,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 490/1262 [23:21<1:33:09,  7.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 490/1262 [23:21<1:33:09,  7.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 492/2846529 [23:22<2253:04:56,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 492/2846529 [23:22<2253:04:56,  2.85s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 491/1262 [23:21<1:06:26,  5.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 491/1262 [23:21<1:06:26,  5.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 493/2846529 [23:22<2249:03:38,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 493/2846529 [23:22<2249:03:39,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 492/1262 [23:22<48:07,  3.75s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 492/1262 [23:22<48:07,  3.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 494/2846529 [23:22<2245:12:00,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 494/2846529 [23:22<2245:12:01,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 493/1262 [23:22<35:48,  2.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 493/1262 [23:22<35:48,  2.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 495/2846529 [23:23<2241:34:04,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 495/2846529 [23:23<2241:34:04,  2.84s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 494/1262 [23:23<26:34,  2.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 494/1262 [23:23<26:34,  2.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 496/2846529 [23:23<2237:41:19,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 496/2846529 [23:23<2237:41:20,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 495/1262 [23:23<19:52,  1.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 495/1262 [23:23<19:52,  1.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 497/2846529 [23:24<2233:43:15,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 497/2846529 [23:24<2233:43:16,  2.83s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 496/1262 [23:24<16:11,  1.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 496/1262 [23:24<16:11,  1.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 498/2846529 [23:24<2230:11:06,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 498/2846529 [23:24<2230:11:07,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 497/1262 [23:25<17:33,  1.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 497/1262 [23:25<17:33,  1.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 499/2846529 [23:26<2228:18:04,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 499/2846529 [23:26<2228:18:05,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 498/1262 [23:27<17:27,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  39%|███▉      | 498/1262 [23:27<17:27,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 500/2846529 [23:27<2225:59:23,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 500/2846529 [23:27<2225:59:23,  2.82s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 499/1262 [23:27<13:38,  1.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 499/1262 [23:27<13:38,  1.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 501/2846529 [23:28<2222:08:10,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 501/2846529 [23:28<2222:08:11,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 500/1262 [23:28<11:57,  1.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 500/1262 [23:28<11:57,  1.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 502/2846529 [23:28<2218:42:35,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 502/2846529 [23:28<2218:42:36,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 501/1262 [23:34<33:44,  2.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 501/1262 [23:34<33:44,  2.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 503/2846529 [23:35<2224:47:08,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 503/2846529 [23:35<2224:47:09,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 502/1262 [23:35<24:53,  1.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 502/1262 [23:35<24:53,  1.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 504/2846529 [23:35<2220:54:25,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 504/2846529 [23:35<2220:54:26,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 503/1262 [23:37<23:50,  1.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 503/1262 [23:37<23:50,  1.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 505/2846529 [23:37<2219:10:00,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 505/2846529 [23:37<2219:10:01,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 504/1262 [23:37<17:57,  1.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|███▉      | 504/1262 [23:37<17:57,  1.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 506/2846529 [23:37<2215:18:36,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 506/2846529 [23:37<2215:18:37,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 505/1262 [23:37<14:12,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 505/1262 [23:37<14:12,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 507/2846529 [23:38<2211:37:18,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 507/2846529 [23:38<2211:37:19,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 506/1262 [23:38<11:43,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 506/1262 [23:38<11:43,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 508/2846529 [23:38<2208:00:26,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 508/2846529 [23:38<2208:00:28,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 507/1262 [23:38<10:29,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 507/1262 [23:38<10:29,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 509/2846529 [23:39<2204:36:35,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 509/2846529 [23:39<2204:36:36,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 508/1262 [23:39<09:36,  1.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 508/1262 [23:39<09:36,  1.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 510/2846529 [23:40<2201:13:23,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 510/2846529 [23:40<2201:13:24,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 509/1262 [23:40<10:08,  1.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 509/1262 [23:40<10:08,  1.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 511/2846529 [23:40<2198:19:16,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 511/2846529 [23:40<2198:19:17,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 510/1262 [23:40<08:52,  1.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 510/1262 [23:40<08:52,  1.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 512/2846529 [23:41<2194:45:32,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 512/2846529 [23:41<2194:45:32,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 511/1262 [23:44<21:30,  1.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  40%|████      | 511/1262 [23:44<21:30,  1.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 513/2846529 [23:45<2196:45:50,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 513/2846529 [23:45<2196:45:51,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 512/1262 [23:45<16:33,  1.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 512/1262 [23:45<16:33,  1.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 514/2846529 [23:45<2193:06:51,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 514/2846529 [23:45<2193:06:52,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 513/1262 [23:45<13:12,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 513/1262 [23:45<13:12,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 515/2846529 [23:46<2189:31:27,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 515/2846529 [23:46<2189:31:28,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 514/1262 [23:47<14:15,  1.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 514/1262 [23:47<14:15,  1.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 516/2846529 [23:47<2187:20:09,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 516/2846529 [23:47<2187:20:09,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 515/1262 [23:48<14:52,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 515/1262 [23:48<14:52,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 517/2846529 [23:48<2185:06:52,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 517/2846529 [23:48<2185:06:53,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 516/1262 [23:48<12:17,  1.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 516/1262 [23:48<12:17,  1.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 518/2846529 [23:49<2181:40:01,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 518/2846529 [23:49<2181:40:02,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 517/1262 [24:09<1:26:46,  6.99s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 517/1262 [24:09<1:26:46,  6.99s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 519/2846529 [24:10<2209:26:13,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 519/2846529 [24:10<2209:26:14,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 518/1262 [24:10<1:03:17,  5.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 518/1262 [24:10<1:03:17,  5.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 520/2846529 [24:11<2206:15:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 520/2846529 [24:11<2206:15:34,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 519/1262 [24:11<45:44,  3.69s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 519/1262 [24:11<45:44,  3.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 521/2846529 [24:11<2202:38:19,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 521/2846529 [24:11<2202:38:20,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 520/1262 [24:11<33:21,  2.70s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████      | 520/1262 [24:11<33:21,  2.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 522/2846529 [24:11<2198:58:55,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 522/2846529 [24:11<2198:58:55,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 521/1262 [24:11<25:19,  2.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 521/1262 [24:11<25:19,  2.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 523/2846529 [24:12<2195:35:32,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 523/2846529 [24:12<2195:35:32,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 522/1262 [24:13<24:55,  2.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 522/1262 [24:13<24:55,  2.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 524/2846529 [24:14<2194:20:52,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 524/2846529 [24:14<2194:20:53,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 523/1262 [24:34<1:34:58,  7.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  41%|████▏     | 523/1262 [24:34<1:34:58,  7.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 525/2846529 [24:35<2221:46:22,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 525/2846529 [24:35<2221:46:23,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 524/1262 [24:36<1:11:37,  5.82s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 524/1262 [24:36<1:11:37,  5.82s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 526/2846529 [24:36<2219:40:39,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 526/2846529 [24:36<2219:40:40,  2.81s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 525/1262 [24:36<51:25,  4.19s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 525/1262 [24:36<51:25,  4.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 527/2846529 [24:37<2216:01:11,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 527/2846529 [24:37<2216:01:12,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 526/1262 [24:37<38:10,  3.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 526/1262 [24:37<38:10,  3.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 528/2846529 [24:37<2212:43:24,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 528/2846529 [24:37<2212:43:25,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 527/1262 [24:37<28:09,  2.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 527/1262 [24:37<28:09,  2.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 529/2846529 [24:38<2209:08:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 529/2846529 [24:38<2209:08:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 528/1262 [24:38<20:55,  1.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 528/1262 [24:38<20:55,  1.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 530/2846529 [24:38<2205:28:40,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 530/2846529 [24:38<2205:28:41,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 529/1262 [24:38<16:06,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 529/1262 [24:38<16:06,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 531/2846529 [24:38<2201:55:32,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 531/2846529 [24:38<2201:55:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 530/1262 [24:40<18:58,  1.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 530/1262 [24:40<18:58,  1.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 532/2846529 [24:41<2200:54:56,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 532/2846529 [24:41<2200:54:57,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 531/1262 [24:41<15:57,  1.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 531/1262 [24:41<15:57,  1.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 533/2846529 [24:41<2197:52:53,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 533/2846529 [24:41<2197:52:54,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 532/1262 [24:41<12:23,  1.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 532/1262 [24:41<12:23,  1.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 534/2846529 [24:42<2194:15:55,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 534/2846529 [24:42<2194:15:56,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 533/1262 [24:42<11:21,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 533/1262 [24:42<11:21,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 535/2846529 [24:42<2191:15:12,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 535/2846529 [24:42<2191:15:13,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 534/1262 [24:42<09:37,  1.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 534/1262 [24:42<09:37,  1.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 536/2846529 [24:43<2187:50:58,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 536/2846529 [24:43<2187:50:59,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 535/1262 [24:43<08:05,  1.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 535/1262 [24:43<08:05,  1.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 537/2846529 [24:43<2184:19:24,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 537/2846529 [24:43<2184:19:25,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 536/1262 [24:46<17:11,  1.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  42%|████▏     | 536/1262 [24:46<17:11,  1.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 538/2846529 [24:46<2184:56:02,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 538/2846529 [24:46<2184:56:03,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 537/1262 [24:46<13:28,  1.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 537/1262 [24:46<13:28,  1.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 539/2846529 [24:47<2181:28:07,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 539/2846529 [24:47<2181:28:08,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 538/1262 [24:47<11:35,  1.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 538/1262 [24:47<11:35,  1.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 540/2846529 [24:47<2178:18:23,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 540/2846529 [24:47<2178:18:24,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 539/1262 [24:47<09:48,  1.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 539/1262 [24:47<09:48,  1.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 541/2846529 [24:48<2174:57:58,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 541/2846529 [24:48<2174:57:58,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 540/1262 [24:48<09:58,  1.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 540/1262 [24:48<09:58,  1.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 542/2846529 [24:49<2172:12:48,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 542/2846529 [24:49<2172:12:48,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 541/1262 [24:49<09:09,  1.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 541/1262 [24:49<09:09,  1.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 543/2846529 [24:49<2169:05:41,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 543/2846529 [24:49<2169:05:42,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 542/1262 [25:10<1:20:48,  6.73s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 542/1262 [25:10<1:20:48,  6.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 544/2846529 [25:10<2195:08:52,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 544/2846529 [25:10<2195:08:53,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 543/1262 [25:12<1:05:37,  5.48s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 543/1262 [25:12<1:05:37,  5.48s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 545/2846529 [25:13<2194:48:12,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 545/2846529 [25:13<2194:48:13,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 544/1262 [25:12<47:27,  3.97s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 544/1262 [25:12<47:27,  3.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 546/2846529 [25:13<2191:25:19,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 546/2846529 [25:13<2191:25:20,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 545/1262 [25:13<35:20,  2.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 545/1262 [25:13<35:20,  2.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 547/2846529 [25:14<2188:17:22,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 547/2846529 [25:14<2188:17:23,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 546/1262 [25:13<25:55,  2.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 546/1262 [25:13<25:55,  2.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 548/2846529 [25:14<2184:47:11,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 548/2846529 [25:14<2184:47:11,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 547/1262 [25:34<1:33:15,  7.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 547/1262 [25:34<1:33:15,  7.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 549/2846529 [25:35<2211:04:10,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 549/2846529 [25:35<2211:04:10,  2.80s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 548/1262 [25:35<1:06:38,  5.60s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  43%|████▎     | 548/1262 [25:35<1:06:38,  5.60s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 550/2846529 [25:35<2207:38:07,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 550/2846529 [25:35<2207:38:08,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 549/1262 [25:36<49:38,  4.18s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 549/1262 [25:36<49:38,  4.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 551/2846529 [25:36<2204:51:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 551/2846529 [25:36<2204:51:33,  2.79s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 550/1262 [25:36<36:22,  3.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 550/1262 [25:36<36:22,  3.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 552/2846529 [25:37<2201:32:12,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 552/2846529 [25:37<2201:32:13,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 551/1262 [25:37<27:13,  2.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 551/1262 [25:37<27:13,  2.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 553/2846529 [25:37<2198:16:37,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 553/2846529 [25:37<2198:16:38,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 552/1262 [25:37<20:06,  1.70s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▎     | 552/1262 [25:37<20:06,  1.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 554/2846529 [25:38<2194:44:39,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 554/2846529 [25:38<2194:44:40,  2.78s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 553/1262 [25:38<16:26,  1.39s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 553/1262 [25:38<16:26,  1.39s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 555/2846529 [25:38<2191:44:51,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 555/2846529 [25:38<2191:44:51,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 554/1262 [25:39<15:58,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 554/1262 [25:39<15:58,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 556/2846529 [25:39<2189:36:10,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 556/2846529 [25:39<2189:36:11,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 555/1262 [25:40<13:10,  1.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 555/1262 [25:40<13:10,  1.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 557/2846529 [25:40<2186:28:50,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 557/2846529 [25:40<2186:28:50,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 556/1262 [25:40<10:46,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 556/1262 [25:40<10:46,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 558/2846529 [25:40<2183:11:20,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 558/2846529 [25:40<2183:11:21,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 557/1262 [25:40<09:04,  1.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 557/1262 [25:40<09:04,  1.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 559/2846529 [25:41<2179:54:09,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 559/2846529 [25:41<2179:54:10,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 558/1262 [25:41<09:10,  1.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 558/1262 [25:41<09:10,  1.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 560/2846529 [25:42<2177:08:26,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 560/2846529 [25:42<2177:08:26,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 559/1262 [25:48<30:21,  2.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 559/1262 [25:48<30:21,  2.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 561/2846529 [25:49<2182:51:48,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 561/2846529 [25:49<2182:51:49,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 560/1262 [25:49<23:20,  2.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 560/1262 [25:49<23:20,  2.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 562/2846529 [25:49<2179:49:45,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 562/2846529 [25:49<2179:49:46,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 561/1262 [25:49<18:05,  1.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  44%|████▍     | 561/1262 [25:49<18:05,  1.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 563/2846529 [25:50<2176:39:59,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 563/2846529 [25:50<2176:39:59,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 562/1262 [25:50<14:09,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 562/1262 [25:50<14:09,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 564/2846529 [25:50<2173:24:45,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 564/2846529 [25:50<2173:24:46,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 563/1262 [25:50<11:17,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 563/1262 [25:50<11:17,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 565/2846529 [25:50<2170:07:30,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 565/2846529 [25:50<2170:07:30,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 564/1262 [25:56<28:21,  2.44s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 564/1262 [25:56<28:21,  2.44s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 566/2846529 [25:56<2174:28:45,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 566/2846529 [25:56<2174:28:46,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 565/1262 [25:56<21:14,  1.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 565/1262 [25:56<21:14,  1.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 567/2846529 [25:57<2171:12:30,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 567/2846529 [25:57<2171:12:31,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 566/1262 [25:57<16:14,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 566/1262 [25:57<16:14,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 568/2846529 [25:57<2167:56:35,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 568/2846529 [25:57<2167:56:35,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 567/1262 [25:58<16:17,  1.41s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▍     | 567/1262 [25:58<16:17,  1.41s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 569/2846529 [25:59<2166:06:28,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 569/2846529 [25:59<2166:06:28,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 568/1262 [25:59<13:08,  1.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 568/1262 [25:59<13:08,  1.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 570/2846529 [25:59<2163:00:27,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 570/2846529 [25:59<2163:00:27,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 569/1262 [26:00<14:26,  1.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 569/1262 [26:00<14:26,  1.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 571/2846529 [26:01<2161:19:07,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 571/2846529 [26:01<2161:19:08,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 570/1262 [26:21<1:21:50,  7.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 570/1262 [26:21<1:21:50,  7.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 572/2846529 [26:21<2186:11:51,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 572/2846529 [26:21<2186:11:52,  2.77s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 571/1262 [26:22<59:46,  5.19s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 571/1262 [26:22<59:46,  5.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 573/2846529 [26:22<2183:24:35,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 573/2846529 [26:22<2183:24:36,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 572/1262 [26:22<44:20,  3.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 572/1262 [26:22<44:20,  3.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 574/2846529 [26:23<2180:37:39,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 574/2846529 [26:23<2180:37:40,  2.76s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 573/1262 [26:23<32:30,  2.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 573/1262 [26:23<32:30,  2.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 575/2846529 [26:23<2177:26:05,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 575/2846529 [26:23<2177:26:05,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 574/1262 [26:23<24:14,  2.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  45%|████▌     | 574/1262 [26:23<24:14,  2.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 576/2846529 [26:24<2174:15:52,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 576/2846529 [26:24<2174:15:53,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 575/1262 [26:23<18:06,  1.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 575/1262 [26:23<18:06,  1.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 577/2846529 [26:24<2170:57:16,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 577/2846529 [26:24<2170:57:17,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 576/1262 [26:24<14:15,  1.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 576/1262 [26:24<14:15,  1.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 578/2846529 [26:25<2167:50:22,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 578/2846529 [26:25<2167:50:23,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 577/1262 [26:25<13:03,  1.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 577/1262 [26:25<13:03,  1.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 579/2846529 [26:25<2165:19:32,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 579/2846529 [26:25<2165:19:33,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 578/1262 [26:33<35:38,  3.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 578/1262 [26:33<35:38,  3.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 580/2846529 [26:33<2172:09:26,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 580/2846529 [26:33<2172:09:27,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 579/1262 [26:35<32:06,  2.82s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 579/1262 [26:35<32:06,  2.82s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 581/2846529 [26:35<2171:17:07,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 581/2846529 [26:35<2171:17:08,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 580/1262 [26:35<24:09,  2.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 580/1262 [26:35<24:09,  2.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 582/2846529 [26:36<2168:14:04,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 582/2846529 [26:36<2168:14:05,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 581/1262 [26:36<19:55,  1.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 581/1262 [26:36<19:55,  1.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 583/2846529 [26:37<2165:43:29,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 583/2846529 [26:37<2165:43:30,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 582/1262 [26:36<15:11,  1.34s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 582/1262 [26:36<15:11,  1.34s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 584/2846529 [26:37<2162:31:21,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 584/2846529 [26:37<2162:31:22,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 583/1262 [26:37<12:33,  1.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▌     | 583/1262 [26:37<12:33,  1.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 585/2846529 [26:38<2159:35:56,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 585/2846529 [26:38<2159:35:57,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 584/1262 [26:40<17:48,  1.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 584/1262 [26:40<17:48,  1.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 586/2846529 [26:40<2159:30:21,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 586/2846529 [26:40<2159:30:22,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 585/1262 [26:41<15:04,  1.34s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 585/1262 [26:41<15:04,  1.34s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 587/2846529 [26:41<2156:52:09,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 587/2846529 [26:41<2156:52:10,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 586/1262 [26:44<22:04,  1.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  46%|████▋     | 586/1262 [26:44<22:04,  1.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 588/2846529 [26:44<2157:47:30,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 588/2846529 [26:44<2157:47:30,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 587/1262 [26:44<16:48,  1.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 587/1262 [26:44<16:48,  1.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 589/2846529 [26:45<2154:40:28,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 589/2846529 [26:45<2154:40:28,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 588/1262 [26:45<15:10,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 588/1262 [26:45<15:10,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 590/2846529 [26:46<2152:23:00,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 590/2846529 [26:46<2152:23:01,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 589/1262 [26:46<13:29,  1.20s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 589/1262 [26:46<13:29,  1.20s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 591/2846529 [26:47<2149:53:16,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 591/2846529 [26:47<2149:53:17,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 590/1262 [26:46<10:20,  1.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 590/1262 [26:46<10:20,  1.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 592/2846529 [26:47<2146:37:15,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 592/2846529 [26:47<2146:37:16,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 591/1262 [26:47<08:41,  1.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 591/1262 [26:47<08:41,  1.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 593/2846529 [26:47<2143:34:44,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 593/2846529 [26:47<2143:34:45,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 592/1262 [26:47<07:18,  1.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 592/1262 [26:47<07:18,  1.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 594/2846529 [26:48<2140:27:41,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 594/2846529 [26:48<2140:27:42,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 593/1262 [27:08<1:15:21,  6.76s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 593/1262 [27:08<1:15:21,  6.76s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 595/2846529 [27:09<2164:46:01,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 595/2846529 [27:09<2164:46:01,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 594/1262 [27:09<54:09,  4.87s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 594/1262 [27:09<54:09,  4.87s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 596/2846529 [27:09<2161:43:32,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 596/2846529 [27:09<2161:43:32,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 595/1262 [27:19<1:11:09,  6.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 595/1262 [27:19<1:11:09,  6.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 597/2846529 [27:19<2171:19:23,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 597/2846529 [27:19<2171:19:23,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 596/1262 [27:20<53:16,  4.80s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 596/1262 [27:20<53:16,  4.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 598/2846529 [27:20<2169:05:42,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 598/2846529 [27:20<2169:05:43,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 597/1262 [27:21<41:45,  3.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 597/1262 [27:21<41:45,  3.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 599/2846529 [27:22<2167:16:17,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 599/2846529 [27:22<2167:16:18,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 598/1262 [27:21<30:18,  2.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 598/1262 [27:21<30:18,  2.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 600/2846529 [27:22<2164:06:17,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 600/2846529 [27:22<2164:06:18,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 599/1262 [27:22<22:24,  2.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  47%|████▋     | 599/1262 [27:22<22:24,  2.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 601/2846529 [27:22<2160:59:27,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 601/2846529 [27:22<2160:59:27,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 600/1262 [27:22<16:53,  1.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 600/1262 [27:22<16:53,  1.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 602/2846529 [27:23<2157:53:19,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 602/2846529 [27:23<2157:53:19,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 601/1262 [27:23<13:21,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 601/1262 [27:23<13:21,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 603/2846529 [27:23<2154:55:31,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 603/2846529 [27:23<2154:55:31,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 602/1262 [27:23<11:21,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 602/1262 [27:23<11:21,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 604/2846529 [27:24<2152:09:20,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 604/2846529 [27:24<2152:09:20,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 603/1262 [27:36<50:14,  4.57s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 603/1262 [27:36<50:14,  4.57s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 605/2846529 [27:37<2165:22:30,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 605/2846529 [27:37<2165:22:31,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 604/1262 [27:37<38:33,  3.52s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 604/1262 [27:37<38:33,  3.52s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 606/2846529 [27:38<2163:09:46,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 606/2846529 [27:38<2163:09:47,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 605/1262 [27:40<34:40,  3.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 605/1262 [27:40<34:40,  3.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 607/2846529 [27:40<2162:39:48,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 607/2846529 [27:40<2162:39:49,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 606/1262 [27:40<25:34,  2.34s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 606/1262 [27:40<25:34,  2.34s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 608/2846529 [27:40<2159:38:18,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 608/2846529 [27:40<2159:38:19,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 607/1262 [27:41<21:16,  1.95s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 607/1262 [27:41<21:16,  1.95s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 609/2846529 [27:42<2157:26:18,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 609/2846529 [27:42<2157:26:18,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 608/1262 [27:42<17:22,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 608/1262 [27:42<17:22,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 610/2846529 [27:42<2154:53:39,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 610/2846529 [27:42<2154:53:40,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 609/1262 [27:42<13:42,  1.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 609/1262 [27:42<13:42,  1.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 611/2846529 [27:43<2151:58:59,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 611/2846529 [27:43<2151:59:00,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 610/1262 [27:44<16:16,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 610/1262 [27:44<16:16,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 612/2846529 [27:45<2151:07:07,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 612/2846529 [27:45<2151:07:08,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 611/1262 [27:45<12:28,  1.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 611/1262 [27:45<12:28,  1.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 613/2846529 [27:45<2148:02:53,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 613/2846529 [27:45<2148:02:54,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 612/1262 [27:46<11:39,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  48%|████▊     | 612/1262 [27:46<11:39,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 614/2846529 [27:46<2145:42:42,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 614/2846529 [27:46<2145:42:42,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 613/1262 [28:06<1:16:09,  7.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 613/1262 [28:06<1:16:09,  7.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 615/2846529 [28:07<2169:09:40,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 615/2846529 [28:07<2169:09:41,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 614/1262 [28:07<54:13,  5.02s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 614/1262 [28:07<54:13,  5.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 616/2846529 [28:07<2166:02:02,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 616/2846529 [28:07<2166:02:03,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 615/1262 [28:07<38:59,  3.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▊     | 615/1262 [28:07<38:59,  3.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 617/2846529 [28:08<2162:57:09,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 617/2846529 [28:08<2162:57:10,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 616/1262 [28:13<45:39,  4.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 616/1262 [28:13<45:39,  4.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 618/2846529 [28:13<2166:44:46,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 618/2846529 [28:13<2166:44:47,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 617/1262 [28:14<36:54,  3.43s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 617/1262 [28:14<36:54,  3.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 619/2846529 [28:15<2165:13:26,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 619/2846529 [28:15<2165:13:27,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 618/1262 [28:17<34:58,  3.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 618/1262 [28:17<34:58,  3.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 620/2846529 [28:18<2165:21:44,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 620/2846529 [28:18<2165:21:45,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 619/1262 [28:18<27:24,  2.56s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 619/1262 [28:18<27:24,  2.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 621/2846529 [28:19<2163:03:05,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 621/2846529 [28:19<2163:03:06,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 620/1262 [28:19<20:20,  1.90s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 620/1262 [28:19<20:20,  1.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 622/2846529 [28:19<2160:02:23,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 622/2846529 [28:19<2160:02:24,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 621/1262 [28:19<15:42,  1.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 621/1262 [28:19<15:42,  1.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 623/2846529 [28:20<2157:09:53,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 623/2846529 [28:20<2157:09:54,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 622/1262 [28:19<12:22,  1.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 622/1262 [28:19<12:22,  1.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 624/2846529 [28:20<2154:15:38,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 624/2846529 [28:20<2154:15:39,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 623/1262 [28:40<1:15:44,  7.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 623/1262 [28:40<1:15:44,  7.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 625/2846529 [28:41<2177:22:31,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 625/2846529 [28:41<2177:22:32,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 624/1262 [28:41<55:25,  5.21s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  49%|████▉     | 624/1262 [28:41<55:25,  5.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 626/2846529 [28:42<2174:52:36,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 626/2846529 [28:42<2174:52:37,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 625/1262 [28:42<40:01,  3.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 625/1262 [28:42<40:01,  3.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 627/2846529 [28:42<2171:55:15,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 627/2846529 [28:42<2171:55:15,  2.75s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 626/1262 [28:42<30:14,  2.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 626/1262 [28:42<30:14,  2.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 628/2846529 [28:43<2169:21:20,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 628/2846529 [28:43<2169:21:21,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 627/1262 [28:45<28:05,  2.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 627/1262 [28:45<28:05,  2.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 629/2846529 [28:45<2168:39:33,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 629/2846529 [28:45<2168:39:33,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 628/1262 [28:45<21:34,  2.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 628/1262 [28:45<21:34,  2.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 630/2846529 [28:46<2165:59:01,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 630/2846529 [28:46<2165:59:02,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 629/1262 [28:46<17:20,  1.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 629/1262 [28:46<17:20,  1.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 631/2846529 [28:46<2163:26:47,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 631/2846529 [28:46<2163:26:48,  2.74s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 630/1262 [28:46<13:23,  1.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|████▉     | 630/1262 [28:46<13:23,  1.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 632/2846529 [28:47<2160:31:41,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 632/2846529 [28:47<2160:31:42,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 631/1262 [28:47<10:37,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 631/1262 [28:47<10:37,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 633/2846529 [28:47<2157:37:02,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 633/2846529 [28:47<2157:37:03,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 632/1262 [28:47<08:36,  1.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 632/1262 [28:47<08:36,  1.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 634/2846529 [28:48<2154:40:47,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 634/2846529 [28:48<2154:40:48,  2.73s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 633/1262 [28:47<07:11,  1.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 633/1262 [28:47<07:11,  1.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 635/2846529 [28:48<2151:44:54,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 635/2846529 [28:48<2151:44:54,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 634/1262 [28:50<12:41,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 634/1262 [28:50<12:41,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 636/2846529 [28:50<2151:24:02,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 636/2846529 [28:50<2151:24:03,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 635/1262 [28:50<10:13,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 635/1262 [28:50<10:13,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 637/2846529 [28:51<2148:33:41,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 637/2846529 [28:51<2148:33:42,  2.72s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 636/1262 [28:51<08:30,  1.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 636/1262 [28:51<08:30,  1.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 638/2846529 [28:51<2145:43:54,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 638/2846529 [28:51<2145:43:54,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 637/1262 [28:51<08:01,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  50%|█████     | 637/1262 [28:51<08:01,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 639/2846529 [28:52<2143:11:52,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 639/2846529 [28:52<2143:11:53,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 638/1262 [28:52<07:16,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 638/1262 [28:52<07:16,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 640/2846529 [28:52<2140:30:33,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 640/2846529 [28:52<2140:30:34,  2.71s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 639/1262 [28:52<06:21,  1.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 639/1262 [28:52<06:21,  1.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 641/2846529 [28:53<2137:40:05,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 641/2846529 [28:53<2137:40:05,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 640/1262 [28:53<07:06,  1.46it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 640/1262 [28:53<07:06,  1.46it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 642/2846529 [28:54<2135:23:32,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 642/2846529 [28:54<2135:23:32,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 641/1262 [28:53<06:01,  1.72it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 641/1262 [28:53<06:01,  1.72it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 643/2846529 [28:54<2132:29:18,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 643/2846529 [28:54<2132:29:19,  2.70s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 642/1262 [28:54<05:20,  1.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 642/1262 [28:54<05:20,  1.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 644/2846529 [28:54<2129:37:44,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 644/2846529 [28:54<2129:37:45,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 643/1262 [28:54<05:12,  1.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 643/1262 [28:54<05:12,  1.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 645/2846529 [28:55<2126:54:24,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 645/2846529 [28:55<2126:54:25,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 644/1262 [28:58<15:54,  1.54s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 644/1262 [28:58<15:54,  1.54s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 646/2846529 [28:59<2128:28:32,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 646/2846529 [28:59<2128:28:32,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 645/1262 [28:59<12:16,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 645/1262 [28:59<12:16,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 647/2846529 [28:59<2125:38:29,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 647/2846529 [28:59<2125:38:30,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 646/1262 [28:59<10:19,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████     | 646/1262 [28:59<10:19,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 648/2846529 [29:00<2123:03:06,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 648/2846529 [29:00<2123:03:07,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 647/1262 [29:00<08:57,  1.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 647/1262 [29:00<08:57,  1.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 649/2846529 [29:00<2120:28:12,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 649/2846529 [29:00<2120:28:13,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 648/1262 [29:00<07:11,  1.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 648/1262 [29:00<07:11,  1.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 650/2846529 [29:01<2117:34:24,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 650/2846529 [29:01<2117:34:24,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 649/1262 [29:01<07:21,  1.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  51%|█████▏    | 649/1262 [29:01<07:21,  1.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 651/2846529 [29:01<2115:14:44,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 651/2846529 [29:01<2115:14:44,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 650/1262 [29:01<06:04,  1.68it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 650/1262 [29:01<06:04,  1.68it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 652/2846529 [29:02<2112:22:18,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 652/2846529 [29:02<2112:22:18,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 651/1262 [29:02<05:46,  1.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 651/1262 [29:02<05:46,  1.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 653/2846529 [29:02<2109:44:37,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 653/2846529 [29:02<2109:44:38,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 652/1262 [29:02<06:28,  1.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 652/1262 [29:02<06:28,  1.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 654/2846529 [29:03<2107:28:57,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 654/2846529 [29:03<2107:28:58,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 653/1262 [29:03<06:09,  1.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 653/1262 [29:03<06:09,  1.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 655/2846529 [29:04<2104:54:42,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 655/2846529 [29:04<2104:54:42,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 654/1262 [29:03<05:37,  1.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 654/1262 [29:03<05:37,  1.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 656/2846529 [29:04<2102:13:44,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 656/2846529 [29:04<2102:13:44,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 655/1262 [29:24<1:07:38,  6.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 655/1262 [29:24<1:07:38,  6.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 657/2846529 [29:25<2124:17:09,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 657/2846529 [29:25<2124:17:10,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 656/1262 [29:29<1:01:09,  6.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 656/1262 [29:29<1:01:09,  6.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 658/2846529 [29:30<2126:33:55,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 658/2846529 [29:30<2126:33:55,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 657/1262 [29:30<45:21,  4.50s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 657/1262 [29:30<45:21,  4.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 659/2846529 [29:30<2124:22:19,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 659/2846529 [29:30<2124:22:20,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 658/1262 [29:35<46:14,  4.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 658/1262 [29:35<46:14,  4.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 660/2846529 [29:35<2126:55:11,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 660/2846529 [29:35<2126:55:12,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 659/1262 [29:35<33:49,  3.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 659/1262 [29:35<33:49,  3.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 661/2846529 [29:36<2124:18:04,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 661/2846529 [29:36<2124:18:05,  2.69s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 660/1262 [29:36<24:50,  2.48s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 660/1262 [29:36<24:50,  2.48s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 662/2846529 [29:36<2121:34:08,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 662/2846529 [29:36<2121:34:09,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 661/1262 [29:36<18:40,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 661/1262 [29:36<18:40,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 663/2846529 [29:37<2118:53:24,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 663/2846529 [29:37<2118:53:24,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 662/1262 [29:36<13:57,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  52%|█████▏    | 662/1262 [29:36<13:57,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 664/2846529 [29:37<2116:03:35,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 664/2846529 [29:37<2116:03:35,  2.68s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 663/1262 [29:37<11:45,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 663/1262 [29:37<11:45,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 665/2846529 [29:38<2113:40:06,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 665/2846529 [29:38<2113:40:07,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 664/1262 [29:37<09:18,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 664/1262 [29:37<09:18,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 666/2846529 [29:38<2110:55:47,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 666/2846529 [29:38<2110:55:47,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 665/1262 [29:38<07:59,  1.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 665/1262 [29:38<07:59,  1.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 667/2846529 [29:38<2108:21:24,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 667/2846529 [29:38<2108:21:24,  2.67s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 666/1262 [29:39<07:40,  1.29it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 666/1262 [29:39<07:40,  1.29it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 668/2846529 [29:39<2106:01:36,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 668/2846529 [29:39<2106:01:36,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 667/1262 [29:39<06:28,  1.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 667/1262 [29:39<06:28,  1.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 669/2846529 [29:40<2103:19:06,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 669/2846529 [29:40<2103:19:07,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 668/1262 [29:39<05:37,  1.76it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 668/1262 [29:39<05:37,  1.76it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 670/2846529 [29:40<2100:36:49,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 670/2846529 [29:40<2100:36:50,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 669/1262 [29:40<04:43,  2.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 669/1262 [29:40<04:43,  2.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 671/2846529 [29:40<2097:48:08,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 671/2846529 [29:40<2097:48:09,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 670/1262 [29:40<04:59,  1.98it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 670/1262 [29:40<04:59,  1.98it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 672/2846529 [29:41<2095:20:57,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 672/2846529 [29:41<2095:20:57,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 671/1262 [29:41<05:33,  1.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 671/1262 [29:41<05:33,  1.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 673/2846529 [29:41<2093:03:24,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 673/2846529 [29:41<2093:03:25,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 672/1262 [29:41<05:05,  1.93it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 672/1262 [29:41<05:05,  1.93it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 674/2846529 [29:42<2090:25:44,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 674/2846529 [29:42<2090:25:45,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 673/1262 [29:42<04:50,  2.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 673/1262 [29:42<04:50,  2.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 675/2846529 [29:42<2087:50:28,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 675/2846529 [29:42<2087:50:29,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 674/1262 [29:42<04:32,  2.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 674/1262 [29:42<04:32,  2.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 676/2846529 [29:43<2085:13:00,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 676/2846529 [29:43<2085:13:01,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 675/1262 [29:43<05:07,  1.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  53%|█████▎    | 675/1262 [29:43<05:07,  1.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 677/2846529 [29:43<2082:54:27,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 677/2846529 [29:43<2082:54:28,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 676/1262 [29:43<04:38,  2.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 676/1262 [29:43<04:38,  2.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 678/2846529 [29:44<2080:15:30,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 678/2846529 [29:44<2080:15:31,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 677/1262 [29:44<04:19,  2.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 677/1262 [29:44<04:19,  2.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 679/2846529 [29:44<2077:37:36,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 679/2846529 [29:44<2077:37:36,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 678/1262 [30:04<1:04:15,  6.60s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▎    | 678/1262 [30:04<1:04:15,  6.60s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 680/2846529 [30:05<2098:56:56,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 680/2846529 [30:05<2098:56:57,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 679/1262 [30:11<1:03:45,  6.56s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 679/1262 [30:11<1:03:45,  6.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 681/2846529 [30:11<2103:22:27,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 681/2846529 [30:11<2103:22:28,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 680/1262 [30:11<45:43,  4.71s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 680/1262 [30:11<45:43,  4.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 682/2846529 [30:12<2100:45:29,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 682/2846529 [30:12<2100:45:29,  2.66s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 681/1262 [30:12<34:43,  3.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 681/1262 [30:12<34:43,  3.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 683/2846529 [30:13<2098:47:12,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 683/2846529 [30:13<2098:47:12,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 682/1262 [30:13<25:32,  2.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 682/1262 [30:13<25:32,  2.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 684/2846529 [30:13<2096:13:21,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 684/2846529 [30:13<2096:13:21,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 683/1262 [30:14<20:08,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 683/1262 [30:14<20:08,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 685/2846529 [30:14<2094:04:28,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 685/2846529 [30:14<2094:04:29,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 684/1262 [30:14<15:59,  1.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 684/1262 [30:14<15:59,  1.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 686/2846529 [30:15<2091:47:10,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 686/2846529 [30:15<2091:47:11,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 685/1262 [30:15<12:31,  1.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 685/1262 [30:15<12:31,  1.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 687/2846529 [30:15<2089:16:42,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 687/2846529 [30:15<2089:16:42,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 686/1262 [30:20<25:25,  2.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 686/1262 [30:20<25:25,  2.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 688/2846529 [30:21<2092:53:35,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 688/2846529 [30:21<2092:53:36,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 687/1262 [30:21<18:49,  1.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  54%|█████▍    | 687/1262 [30:21<18:49,  1.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 689/2846529 [30:21<2090:16:40,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 689/2846529 [30:21<2090:16:41,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 688/1262 [30:25<24:55,  2.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 688/1262 [30:25<24:55,  2.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 690/2846529 [30:25<2091:56:43,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 690/2846529 [30:25<2091:56:44,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 689/1262 [30:26<19:41,  2.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 689/1262 [30:26<19:41,  2.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 691/2846529 [30:26<2089:49:26,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 691/2846529 [30:26<2089:49:26,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 690/1262 [30:26<14:53,  1.56s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 690/1262 [30:26<14:53,  1.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 692/2846529 [30:27<2087:15:30,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 692/2846529 [30:27<2087:15:31,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 691/1262 [30:27<13:14,  1.39s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 691/1262 [30:27<13:14,  1.39s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 693/2846529 [30:28<2085:22:48,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 693/2846529 [30:28<2085:22:48,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 692/1262 [30:28<10:24,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 692/1262 [30:28<10:24,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 694/2846529 [30:28<2082:49:56,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 694/2846529 [30:28<2082:49:57,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 693/1262 [30:28<08:29,  1.12it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 693/1262 [30:28<08:29,  1.12it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 695/2846529 [30:28<2080:19:21,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 695/2846529 [30:28<2080:19:21,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 694/1262 [30:28<06:59,  1.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▍    | 694/1262 [30:28<06:59,  1.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 696/2846529 [30:29<2077:45:14,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 696/2846529 [30:29<2077:45:15,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 695/1262 [30:32<16:10,  1.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 695/1262 [30:32<16:10,  1.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 697/2846529 [30:33<2079:17:16,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 697/2846529 [30:33<2079:17:17,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 696/1262 [30:33<12:43,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 696/1262 [30:33<12:43,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 698/2846529 [30:33<2076:52:54,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 698/2846529 [30:33<2076:52:55,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 697/1262 [30:34<11:02,  1.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 697/1262 [30:34<11:02,  1.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 699/2846529 [30:34<2074:46:09,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 699/2846529 [30:34<2074:46:10,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 698/1262 [30:34<09:47,  1.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 698/1262 [30:34<09:47,  1.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 700/2846529 [30:35<2072:38:10,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 700/2846529 [30:35<2072:38:10,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 699/1262 [30:35<08:03,  1.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 699/1262 [30:35<08:03,  1.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 701/2846529 [30:35<2070:10:07,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 701/2846529 [30:35<2070:10:08,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 700/1262 [30:35<07:02,  1.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  55%|█████▌    | 700/1262 [30:35<07:02,  1.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 702/2846529 [30:36<2067:46:53,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 702/2846529 [30:36<2067:46:54,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 701/1262 [30:36<06:30,  1.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 701/1262 [30:36<06:30,  1.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 703/2846529 [30:36<2065:28:45,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 703/2846529 [30:36<2065:28:45,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 702/1262 [30:36<05:57,  1.57it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 702/1262 [30:36<05:57,  1.57it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 704/2846529 [30:37<2063:06:34,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 704/2846529 [30:37<2063:06:34,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 703/1262 [30:47<35:18,  3.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 703/1262 [30:47<35:18,  3.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 705/2846529 [30:48<2072:40:24,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 705/2846529 [30:48<2072:40:25,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 704/1262 [30:48<25:47,  2.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 704/1262 [30:48<25:47,  2.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 706/2846529 [30:48<2070:11:23,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 706/2846529 [30:48<2070:11:24,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 705/1262 [30:49<19:53,  2.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 705/1262 [30:49<19:53,  2.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 707/2846529 [30:49<2068:00:38,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 707/2846529 [30:49<2068:00:39,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 706/1262 [30:50<16:39,  1.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 706/1262 [30:50<16:39,  1.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 708/2846529 [30:50<2066:11:43,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 708/2846529 [30:50<2066:11:44,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 707/1262 [30:50<13:01,  1.41s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 707/1262 [30:50<13:01,  1.41s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 709/2846529 [30:51<2063:50:09,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 709/2846529 [30:51<2063:50:10,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 708/1262 [30:51<11:01,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 708/1262 [30:51<11:01,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 710/2846529 [30:51<2061:42:12,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 710/2846529 [30:51<2061:42:12,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 709/1262 [30:51<08:43,  1.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▌    | 709/1262 [30:51<08:43,  1.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 711/2846529 [30:52<2059:12:46,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 711/2846529 [30:52<2059:12:46,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 710/1262 [30:51<07:12,  1.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 710/1262 [30:51<07:12,  1.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 712/2846529 [30:52<2056:46:01,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 712/2846529 [30:52<2056:46:02,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 711/1262 [30:52<06:03,  1.52it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 711/1262 [30:52<06:03,  1.52it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 713/2846529 [30:52<2054:17:28,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 713/2846529 [30:52<2054:17:28,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 712/1262 [30:52<05:52,  1.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 712/1262 [30:52<05:52,  1.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 714/2846529 [30:53<2052:04:35,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 714/2846529 [30:53<2052:04:35,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 713/1262 [30:54<09:38,  1.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  56%|█████▋    | 713/1262 [30:54<09:38,  1.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 715/2846529 [30:55<2051:25:56,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 715/2846529 [30:55<2051:25:56,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 714/1262 [30:55<07:39,  1.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 714/1262 [30:55<07:39,  1.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 716/2846529 [30:55<2048:56:24,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 716/2846529 [30:55<2048:56:24,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 715/1262 [30:55<06:10,  1.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 715/1262 [30:55<06:10,  1.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 717/2846529 [30:56<2046:25:00,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 717/2846529 [30:56<2046:25:00,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 716/1262 [30:55<05:08,  1.77it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 716/1262 [30:55<05:08,  1.77it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 718/2846529 [30:56<2043:53:50,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 718/2846529 [30:56<2043:53:51,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 717/1262 [31:16<1:00:51,  6.70s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 717/1262 [31:16<1:00:51,  6.70s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 719/2846529 [31:17<2064:09:30,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 719/2846529 [31:17<2064:09:30,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 718/1262 [31:20<52:02,  5.74s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 718/1262 [31:20<52:02,  5.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 720/2846529 [31:20<2065:08:03,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 720/2846529 [31:20<2065:08:04,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 719/1262 [31:21<39:25,  4.36s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 719/1262 [31:21<39:25,  4.36s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 721/2846529 [31:22<2063:30:07,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 721/2846529 [31:22<2063:30:07,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 720/1262 [31:26<41:46,  4.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 720/1262 [31:26<41:46,  4.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 722/2846529 [31:27<2066:23:34,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 722/2846529 [31:27<2066:23:35,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 721/1262 [31:27<30:29,  3.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 721/1262 [31:27<30:29,  3.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 723/2846529 [31:27<2064:03:29,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 723/2846529 [31:27<2064:03:30,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 722/1262 [31:27<22:44,  2.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 722/1262 [31:27<22:44,  2.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 724/2846529 [31:28<2061:47:32,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 724/2846529 [31:28<2061:47:33,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 723/1262 [31:28<17:10,  1.91s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 723/1262 [31:28<17:10,  1.91s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 725/2846529 [31:28<2059:27:50,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 725/2846529 [31:28<2059:27:51,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 724/1262 [31:49<1:08:33,  7.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 724/1262 [31:49<1:08:33,  7.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 726/2846529 [31:49<2079:31:10,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 726/2846529 [31:49<2079:31:11,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 725/1262 [31:49<49:04,  5.48s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  57%|█████▋    | 725/1262 [31:49<49:04,  5.48s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 727/2846529 [31:50<2077:08:02,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 727/2846529 [31:50<2077:08:03,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 726/1262 [31:50<35:01,  3.92s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 726/1262 [31:50<35:01,  3.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 728/2846529 [31:50<2074:34:45,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 728/2846529 [31:50<2074:34:46,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 727/1262 [31:51<27:39,  3.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 727/1262 [31:51<27:39,  3.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 729/2846529 [31:51<2073:01:37,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 729/2846529 [31:51<2073:01:38,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 728/1262 [31:52<22:22,  2.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 728/1262 [31:52<22:22,  2.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 730/2846529 [31:52<2071:25:16,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 730/2846529 [31:52<2071:25:16,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 729/1262 [31:53<17:44,  2.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 729/1262 [31:53<17:44,  2.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 731/2846529 [31:53<2069:26:22,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 731/2846529 [31:53<2069:26:23,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 730/1262 [31:54<14:57,  1.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 730/1262 [31:54<14:57,  1.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 732/2846529 [31:54<2067:39:15,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 732/2846529 [31:54<2067:39:16,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 731/1262 [31:54<11:35,  1.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 731/1262 [31:54<11:35,  1.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 733/2846529 [31:55<2065:17:57,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 733/2846529 [31:55<2065:17:57,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 732/1262 [32:15<1:03:47,  7.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 732/1262 [32:15<1:03:47,  7.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 734/2846529 [32:16<2085:06:48,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 734/2846529 [32:16<2085:06:49,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 733/1262 [32:15<45:28,  5.16s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 733/1262 [32:15<45:28,  5.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 735/2846529 [32:16<2082:38:46,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 735/2846529 [32:16<2082:38:46,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 734/1262 [32:16<33:11,  3.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 734/1262 [32:16<33:11,  3.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 736/2846529 [32:16<2080:23:37,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 736/2846529 [32:16<2080:23:37,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 735/1262 [32:16<24:04,  2.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 735/1262 [32:16<24:04,  2.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 737/2846529 [32:17<2077:55:58,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 737/2846529 [32:17<2077:55:59,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 736/1262 [32:38<1:12:42,  8.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 736/1262 [32:38<1:12:42,  8.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 738/2846529 [32:38<2097:52:38,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 738/2846529 [32:38<2097:52:39,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 737/1262 [32:38<51:42,  5.91s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 737/1262 [32:38<51:42,  5.91s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 739/2846529 [32:38<2095:24:20,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 739/2846529 [32:38<2095:24:20,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 738/1262 [32:38<37:10,  4.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  58%|█████▊    | 738/1262 [32:38<37:10,  4.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 740/2846529 [32:39<2092:59:58,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 740/2846529 [32:39<2092:59:58,  2.65s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 739/1262 [32:39<27:16,  3.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 739/1262 [32:39<27:16,  3.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 741/2846529 [32:39<2090:42:37,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 741/2846529 [32:39<2090:42:37,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 740/1262 [32:39<19:57,  2.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 740/1262 [32:39<19:57,  2.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 742/2846529 [32:40<2088:15:20,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 742/2846529 [32:40<2088:15:20,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 741/1262 [32:40<14:59,  1.73s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▊    | 741/1262 [32:40<14:59,  1.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 743/2846529 [32:40<2085:52:25,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 743/2846529 [32:40<2085:52:26,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 742/1262 [32:40<11:16,  1.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 742/1262 [32:40<11:16,  1.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 744/2846529 [32:40<2083:23:42,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 744/2846529 [32:40<2083:23:43,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 743/1262 [32:43<15:20,  1.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 743/1262 [32:43<15:20,  1.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 745/2846529 [32:43<2083:39:11,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 745/2846529 [32:43<2083:39:11,  2.64s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 744/1262 [32:43<12:07,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 744/1262 [32:43<12:07,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 746/2846529 [32:44<2081:25:56,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 746/2846529 [32:44<2081:25:57,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 745/1262 [32:44<09:25,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 745/1262 [32:44<09:25,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 747/2846529 [32:44<2079:02:13,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 747/2846529 [32:44<2079:02:14,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 746/1262 [32:44<07:26,  1.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 746/1262 [32:44<07:26,  1.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 748/2846529 [32:44<2076:36:25,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 748/2846529 [32:44<2076:36:25,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 747/1262 [32:45<07:19,  1.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 747/1262 [32:45<07:19,  1.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 749/2846529 [32:45<2074:42:26,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 749/2846529 [32:45<2074:42:27,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 748/1262 [32:46<09:22,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 748/1262 [32:46<09:22,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 750/2846529 [32:47<2073:40:56,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 750/2846529 [32:47<2073:40:57,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 749/1262 [32:48<10:24,  1.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 749/1262 [32:48<10:24,  1.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 751/2846529 [32:48<2072:30:16,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 751/2846529 [32:48<2072:30:17,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 750/1262 [32:48<08:17,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  59%|█████▉    | 750/1262 [32:48<08:17,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 752/2846529 [32:49<2070:10:11,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 752/2846529 [32:49<2070:10:12,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 751/1262 [32:49<06:45,  1.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 751/1262 [32:49<06:45,  1.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 753/2846529 [32:49<2067:48:44,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 753/2846529 [32:49<2067:48:44,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 752/1262 [32:56<23:22,  2.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 752/1262 [32:56<23:22,  2.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 754/2846529 [32:57<2072:44:20,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 754/2846529 [32:57<2072:44:20,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 753/1262 [32:56<17:26,  2.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 753/1262 [32:56<17:26,  2.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 755/2846529 [32:57<2070:27:07,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 755/2846529 [32:57<2070:27:08,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 754/1262 [32:57<13:08,  1.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 754/1262 [32:57<13:08,  1.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 756/2846529 [32:57<2068:06:14,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 756/2846529 [32:57<2068:06:15,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 755/1262 [32:58<11:32,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 755/1262 [32:58<11:32,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 757/2846529 [32:58<2066:20:34,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 757/2846529 [32:58<2066:20:34,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 756/1262 [32:58<09:14,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 756/1262 [32:58<09:14,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 758/2846529 [32:59<2064:06:10,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 758/2846529 [32:59<2064:06:11,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 757/1262 [32:59<07:33,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|█████▉    | 757/1262 [32:59<07:33,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 759/2846529 [32:59<2061:50:08,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 759/2846529 [32:59<2061:50:09,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 758/1262 [33:01<11:30,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 758/1262 [33:01<11:30,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 760/2846529 [33:02<2061:41:43,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 760/2846529 [33:02<2061:41:44,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 759/1262 [33:03<12:32,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 759/1262 [33:03<12:32,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 761/2846529 [33:03<2060:50:41,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 761/2846529 [33:03<2060:50:41,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 760/1262 [33:24<1:01:37,  7.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 760/1262 [33:24<1:01:37,  7.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 762/2846529 [33:25<2079:59:09,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 762/2846529 [33:25<2079:59:09,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 761/1262 [33:27<49:26,  5.92s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 761/1262 [33:27<49:26,  5.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 763/2846529 [33:27<2079:54:15,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 763/2846529 [33:27<2079:54:15,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 762/1262 [33:27<35:32,  4.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 762/1262 [33:27<35:32,  4.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 764/2846529 [33:27<2077:35:50,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 764/2846529 [33:27<2077:35:50,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 763/1262 [33:27<25:54,  3.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  60%|██████    | 763/1262 [33:27<25:54,  3.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 765/2846529 [33:28<2075:19:44,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 765/2846529 [33:28<2075:19:44,  2.63s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 764/1262 [33:28<19:16,  2.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 764/1262 [33:28<19:16,  2.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 766/2846529 [33:28<2073:06:14,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 766/2846529 [33:28<2073:06:14,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 765/1262 [33:28<14:57,  1.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 765/1262 [33:28<14:57,  1.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 767/2846529 [33:29<2071:00:59,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 767/2846529 [33:29<2071:01:00,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 766/1262 [33:29<11:17,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 766/1262 [33:29<11:17,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 768/2846529 [33:29<2068:40:04,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 768/2846529 [33:29<2068:40:05,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 767/1262 [33:30<10:01,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 767/1262 [33:30<10:01,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 769/2846529 [33:30<2066:51:53,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 769/2846529 [33:30<2066:51:53,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 768/1262 [33:30<07:59,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 768/1262 [33:30<07:59,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 770/2846529 [33:31<2064:35:32,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 770/2846529 [33:31<2064:35:33,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 769/1262 [33:30<06:20,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 769/1262 [33:30<06:20,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 771/2846529 [33:31<2062:13:37,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 771/2846529 [33:31<2062:13:38,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 770/1262 [33:32<09:31,  1.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 770/1262 [33:32<09:31,  1.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 772/2846529 [33:33<2061:40:46,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 772/2846529 [33:33<2061:40:47,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 771/1262 [33:33<07:38,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 771/1262 [33:33<07:38,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 773/2846529 [33:33<2059:25:24,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 773/2846529 [33:33<2059:25:25,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 772/1262 [33:36<12:27,  1.52s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████    | 772/1262 [33:36<12:27,  1.52s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 774/2846529 [33:36<2059:43:36,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 774/2846529 [33:36<2059:43:36,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 773/1262 [33:36<10:30,  1.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 773/1262 [33:36<10:30,  1.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 775/2846529 [33:37<2057:49:26,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 775/2846529 [33:37<2057:49:27,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 774/1262 [33:37<08:19,  1.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 774/1262 [33:37<08:19,  1.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 776/2846529 [33:37<2055:34:59,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 776/2846529 [33:37<2055:34:59,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 775/1262 [33:58<56:48,  7.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 775/1262 [33:58<56:48,  7.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 777/2846529 [33:58<2074:14:30,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 777/2846529 [33:58<2074:14:31,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 776/1262 [33:58<40:40,  5.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  61%|██████▏   | 776/1262 [33:58<40:40,  5.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 778/2846529 [33:59<2071:59:28,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 778/2846529 [33:59<2071:59:29,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 777/1262 [33:59<29:33,  3.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 777/1262 [33:59<29:33,  3.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 779/2846529 [33:59<2069:48:16,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 779/2846529 [33:59<2069:48:17,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 778/1262 [33:59<21:18,  2.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 778/1262 [33:59<21:18,  2.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 780/2846529 [34:00<2067:25:52,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 780/2846529 [34:00<2067:25:52,  2.62s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 779/1262 [33:59<15:56,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 779/1262 [33:59<15:56,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 781/2846529 [34:00<2065:13:25,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 781/2846529 [34:00<2065:13:26,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 780/1262 [34:00<12:30,  1.56s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 780/1262 [34:00<12:30,  1.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 782/2846529 [34:01<2063:09:27,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 782/2846529 [34:01<2063:09:27,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 781/1262 [34:01<12:22,  1.54s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 781/1262 [34:01<12:22,  1.54s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 783/2846529 [34:02<2062:03:03,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 783/2846529 [34:02<2062:03:04,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 782/1262 [34:05<17:59,  2.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 782/1262 [34:05<17:59,  2.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 784/2846529 [34:06<2063:20:45,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 784/2846529 [34:06<2063:20:46,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 783/1262 [34:06<13:22,  1.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 783/1262 [34:06<13:22,  1.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 785/2846529 [34:06<2061:03:27,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 785/2846529 [34:06<2061:03:28,  2.61s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 784/1262 [34:06<10:23,  1.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 784/1262 [34:06<10:23,  1.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 786/2846529 [34:07<2058:52:32,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 786/2846529 [34:07<2058:52:32,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 785/1262 [34:08<11:42,  1.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 785/1262 [34:08<11:42,  1.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 787/2846529 [34:09<2058:08:07,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 787/2846529 [34:09<2058:08:08,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 786/1262 [34:09<10:04,  1.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 786/1262 [34:09<10:04,  1.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 788/2846529 [34:09<2056:19:12,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 788/2846529 [34:09<2056:19:12,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 787/1262 [34:10<09:00,  1.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 787/1262 [34:10<09:00,  1.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 789/2846529 [34:10<2054:32:29,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 789/2846529 [34:10<2054:32:30,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 788/1262 [34:10<07:14,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  62%|██████▏   | 788/1262 [34:10<07:14,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 790/2846529 [34:11<2052:20:31,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 790/2846529 [34:11<2052:20:32,  2.60s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 789/1262 [34:10<06:05,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 789/1262 [34:10<06:05,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 791/2846529 [34:11<2050:10:52,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 791/2846529 [34:11<2050:10:52,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 790/1262 [34:11<05:25,  1.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 790/1262 [34:11<05:25,  1.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 792/2846529 [34:12<2048:05:18,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 792/2846529 [34:12<2048:05:19,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 791/1262 [34:13<09:36,  1.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 791/1262 [34:13<09:36,  1.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 793/2846529 [34:14<2047:58:01,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 793/2846529 [34:14<2047:58:02,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 792/1262 [34:15<09:28,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 792/1262 [34:15<09:28,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 794/2846529 [34:15<2046:33:21,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 794/2846529 [34:15<2046:33:22,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 793/1262 [34:15<08:05,  1.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 793/1262 [34:15<08:05,  1.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 795/2846529 [34:16<2044:36:36,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 795/2846529 [34:16<2044:36:36,  2.59s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 794/1262 [34:16<06:35,  1.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 794/1262 [34:16<06:35,  1.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 796/2846529 [34:16<2042:26:12,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 796/2846529 [34:16<2042:26:13,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 795/1262 [34:17<06:49,  1.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 795/1262 [34:17<06:49,  1.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 797/2846529 [34:17<2040:49:13,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 797/2846529 [34:17<2040:49:14,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 796/1262 [34:17<05:52,  1.32it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 796/1262 [34:17<05:52,  1.32it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 798/2846529 [34:18<2038:43:40,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 798/2846529 [34:18<2038:43:40,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 797/1262 [34:17<04:52,  1.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 797/1262 [34:17<04:52,  1.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 799/2846529 [34:18<2036:30:26,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 799/2846529 [34:18<2036:30:27,  2.58s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 798/1262 [34:18<04:11,  1.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 798/1262 [34:18<04:11,  1.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 800/2846529 [34:18<2034:17:33,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 800/2846529 [34:18<2034:17:34,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 799/1262 [34:18<04:31,  1.70it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 799/1262 [34:18<04:31,  1.70it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 801/2846529 [34:19<2032:26:14,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 801/2846529 [34:19<2032:26:15,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 800/1262 [34:19<03:57,  1.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 800/1262 [34:19<03:57,  1.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 802/2846529 [34:19<2030:14:16,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 802/2846529 [34:19<2030:14:17,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 801/1262 [34:19<03:32,  2.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  63%|██████▎   | 801/1262 [34:19<03:32,  2.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 803/2846529 [34:20<2028:02:26,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 803/2846529 [34:20<2028:02:26,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 802/1262 [34:19<03:18,  2.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 802/1262 [34:19<03:18,  2.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 804/2846529 [34:20<2025:52:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 804/2846529 [34:20<2025:52:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 803/1262 [34:20<03:18,  2.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 803/1262 [34:20<03:18,  2.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 805/2846529 [34:20<2023:47:11,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 805/2846529 [34:20<2023:47:11,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 804/1262 [34:20<03:04,  2.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▎   | 804/1262 [34:20<03:04,  2.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 806/2846529 [34:21<2021:36:16,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 806/2846529 [34:21<2021:36:17,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 805/1262 [34:24<11:11,  1.47s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 805/1262 [34:24<11:11,  1.47s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 807/2846529 [34:25<2022:58:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 807/2846529 [34:25<2022:58:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 806/1262 [34:25<08:44,  1.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 806/1262 [34:25<08:44,  1.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 808/2846529 [34:25<2020:51:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 808/2846529 [34:25<2020:51:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 807/1262 [34:25<06:52,  1.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 807/1262 [34:25<06:52,  1.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 809/2846529 [34:25<2018:41:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 809/2846529 [34:25<2018:41:49,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 808/1262 [34:25<05:47,  1.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 808/1262 [34:25<05:47,  1.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 810/2846529 [34:26<2016:37:39,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 810/2846529 [34:26<2016:37:39,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 809/1262 [34:27<06:54,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 809/1262 [34:27<06:54,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 811/2846529 [34:27<2015:22:22,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 811/2846529 [34:27<2015:22:23,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 810/1262 [34:27<05:39,  1.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 810/1262 [34:27<05:39,  1.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 812/2846529 [34:28<2013:14:55,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 812/2846529 [34:28<2013:14:55,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 811/1262 [34:33<17:41,  2.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 811/1262 [34:33<17:41,  2.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 813/2846529 [34:34<2016:41:57,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 813/2846529 [34:34<2016:41:58,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 812/1262 [34:34<13:20,  1.78s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 812/1262 [34:34<13:20,  1.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 814/2846529 [34:34<2014:38:35,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 814/2846529 [34:34<2014:38:36,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 813/1262 [34:34<10:04,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  64%|██████▍   | 813/1262 [34:34<10:04,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 815/2846529 [34:34<2012:29:55,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 815/2846529 [34:34<2012:29:56,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 814/1262 [34:34<08:18,  1.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 814/1262 [34:34<08:18,  1.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 816/2846529 [34:35<2010:34:47,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 816/2846529 [34:35<2010:34:47,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 815/1262 [34:36<09:33,  1.28s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 815/1262 [34:36<09:33,  1.28s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 817/2846529 [34:37<2009:44:34,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 817/2846529 [34:37<2009:44:35,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 816/1262 [34:40<14:44,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 816/1262 [34:40<14:44,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 818/2846529 [34:40<2010:46:45,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 818/2846529 [34:40<2010:46:45,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 817/1262 [34:40<11:15,  1.52s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 817/1262 [34:40<11:15,  1.52s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 819/2846529 [34:41<2008:44:30,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 819/2846529 [34:41<2008:44:30,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 818/1262 [34:41<09:59,  1.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 818/1262 [34:41<09:59,  1.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 820/2846529 [34:42<2007:13:04,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 820/2846529 [34:42<2007:13:04,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 819/1262 [34:42<07:57,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 819/1262 [34:42<07:57,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 821/2846529 [34:42<2005:11:38,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 821/2846529 [34:42<2005:11:39,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 820/1262 [34:42<06:13,  1.18it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▍   | 820/1262 [34:42<06:13,  1.18it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 822/2846529 [34:42<2003:02:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 822/2846529 [34:42<2003:02:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 821/1262 [34:46<12:34,  1.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 821/1262 [34:46<12:34,  1.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 823/2846529 [34:46<2004:11:33,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 823/2846529 [34:46<2004:11:33,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 822/1262 [34:46<09:48,  1.34s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 822/1262 [34:46<09:48,  1.34s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 824/2846529 [34:47<2002:12:37,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 824/2846529 [34:47<2002:12:38,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 823/1262 [34:47<07:52,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 823/1262 [34:47<07:52,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 825/2846529 [34:47<2000:13:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 825/2846529 [34:47<2000:13:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 824/1262 [34:48<07:48,  1.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 824/1262 [34:48<07:48,  1.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 826/2846529 [34:48<1998:48:55,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 826/2846529 [34:48<1998:48:55,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 825/1262 [34:48<07:15,  1.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 825/1262 [34:48<07:15,  1.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 827/2846529 [34:49<1997:11:08,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 827/2846529 [34:49<1997:11:09,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 826/1262 [34:49<06:05,  1.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  65%|██████▌   | 826/1262 [34:49<06:05,  1.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 828/2846529 [34:49<1995:13:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 828/2846529 [34:49<1995:13:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 827/1262 [34:49<05:03,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 827/1262 [34:49<05:03,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 829/2846529 [34:50<1993:10:06,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 829/2846529 [34:50<1993:10:07,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 828/1262 [34:50<04:24,  1.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 828/1262 [34:50<04:24,  1.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 830/2846529 [34:50<1991:08:55,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 830/2846529 [34:50<1991:08:56,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 829/1262 [34:50<03:55,  1.84it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 829/1262 [34:50<03:55,  1.84it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 831/2846529 [34:51<1989:07:36,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 831/2846529 [34:51<1989:07:36,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 830/1262 [34:51<03:54,  1.85it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 830/1262 [34:51<03:54,  1.85it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 832/2846529 [34:51<1987:14:36,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 832/2846529 [34:51<1987:14:37,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 831/1262 [34:52<05:13,  1.37it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 831/1262 [34:52<05:13,  1.37it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 833/2846529 [34:52<1985:57:37,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 833/2846529 [34:52<1985:57:37,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 832/1262 [34:56<11:48,  1.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 832/1262 [34:56<11:48,  1.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 834/2846529 [34:56<1987:10:17,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 834/2846529 [34:56<1987:10:17,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 833/1262 [34:56<09:14,  1.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 833/1262 [34:56<09:14,  1.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 835/2846529 [34:57<1985:13:55,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 835/2846529 [34:57<1985:13:55,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 834/1262 [34:57<07:44,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 834/1262 [34:57<07:44,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 836/2846529 [34:57<1983:25:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 836/2846529 [34:57<1983:25:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 835/1262 [34:57<06:07,  1.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 835/1262 [34:57<06:07,  1.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 837/2846529 [34:57<1981:22:09,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 837/2846529 [34:58<1981:22:09,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 836/1262 [34:58<05:54,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▌   | 836/1262 [34:58<05:54,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 838/2846529 [34:58<1979:43:42,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 838/2846529 [34:58<1979:43:43,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 837/1262 [34:58<04:53,  1.45it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 837/1262 [34:58<04:53,  1.45it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 839/2846529 [34:59<1977:42:26,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 839/2846529 [34:59<1977:42:26,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 838/1262 [34:59<04:29,  1.58it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 838/1262 [34:59<04:29,  1.58it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 840/2846529 [34:59<1975:49:39,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 840/2846529 [34:59<1975:49:39,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 839/1262 [34:59<03:55,  1.80it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  66%|██████▋   | 839/1262 [34:59<03:55,  1.80it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 841/2846529 [35:00<1973:49:33,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 841/2846529 [35:00<1973:49:34,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 840/1262 [35:02<08:17,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 840/1262 [35:02<08:17,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 842/2846529 [35:02<1973:57:00,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 842/2846529 [35:02<1973:57:00,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 841/1262 [35:02<07:27,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 841/1262 [35:02<07:27,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 843/2846529 [35:03<1972:21:05,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 843/2846529 [35:03<1972:21:05,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 842/1262 [35:07<13:51,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 842/1262 [35:07<13:51,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 844/2846529 [35:07<1973:52:31,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 844/2846529 [35:07<1973:52:31,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 843/1262 [35:07<10:27,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 843/1262 [35:07<10:27,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 845/2846529 [35:07<1971:53:15,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 845/2846529 [35:07<1971:53:15,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 844/1262 [35:07<08:08,  1.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 844/1262 [35:07<08:08,  1.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 846/2846529 [35:08<1969:55:45,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 846/2846529 [35:08<1969:55:45,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 845/1262 [35:08<06:43,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 845/1262 [35:08<06:43,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 847/2846529 [35:08<1968:03:59,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 847/2846529 [35:08<1968:03:59,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 846/1262 [35:29<48:27,  6.99s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 846/1262 [35:29<48:27,  6.99s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 848/2846529 [35:29<1985:21:39,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 848/2846529 [35:29<1985:21:40,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 847/1262 [35:30<37:10,  5.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 847/1262 [35:30<37:10,  5.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 849/2846529 [35:31<1984:30:49,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 849/2846529 [35:31<1984:30:50,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 848/1262 [35:31<26:35,  3.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 848/1262 [35:31<26:35,  3.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 850/2846529 [35:31<1982:27:38,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 850/2846529 [35:31<1982:27:38,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 849/1262 [35:31<19:15,  2.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 849/1262 [35:31<19:15,  2.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 851/2846529 [35:32<1980:26:31,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 851/2846529 [35:32<1980:26:31,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 850/1262 [35:52<56:47,  8.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 850/1262 [35:52<56:47,  8.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 852/2846529 [35:53<1997:38:19,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 852/2846529 [35:53<1997:38:19,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 851/1262 [35:53<41:13,  6.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  67%|██████▋   | 851/1262 [35:53<41:13,  6.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 853/2846529 [35:53<1996:00:14,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 853/2846529 [35:53<1996:00:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 852/1262 [35:58<38:39,  5.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 852/1262 [35:58<38:39,  5.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 854/2846529 [35:58<1998:07:13,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 854/2846529 [35:58<1998:07:14,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 853/1262 [36:19<1:09:50, 10.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 853/1262 [36:19<1:09:50, 10.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 855/2846529 [36:19<2015:09:08,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 855/2846529 [36:19<2015:09:09,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 854/1262 [36:19<49:28,  7.27s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 854/1262 [36:19<49:28,  7.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 856/2846529 [36:20<2013:06:52,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 856/2846529 [36:20<2013:06:53,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 855/1262 [36:40<1:17:25, 11.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 855/1262 [36:40<1:17:25, 11.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 857/2846529 [36:41<2030:12:21,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 857/2846529 [36:41<2030:12:22,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 856/1262 [36:41<55:01,  8.13s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 856/1262 [36:41<55:01,  8.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 858/2846529 [36:41<2028:16:30,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 858/2846529 [36:41<2028:16:31,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 857/1262 [36:41<38:58,  5.78s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 857/1262 [36:41<38:58,  5.78s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 859/2846529 [36:41<2026:09:54,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 859/2846529 [36:41<2026:09:54,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 858/1262 [36:41<28:09,  4.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 858/1262 [36:41<28:09,  4.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 860/2846529 [36:42<2024:14:20,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 860/2846529 [36:42<2024:14:20,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 859/1262 [36:47<31:43,  4.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 859/1262 [36:47<31:43,  4.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 861/2846529 [36:48<2027:22:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 861/2846529 [36:48<2027:22:57,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 860/1262 [36:48<23:05,  3.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 860/1262 [36:48<23:05,  3.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 862/2846529 [36:48<2025:27:33,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 862/2846529 [36:48<2025:27:33,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 861/1262 [36:48<16:56,  2.54s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 861/1262 [36:48<16:56,  2.54s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 863/2846529 [36:49<2023:29:02,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 863/2846529 [36:49<2023:29:02,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 862/1262 [36:49<13:13,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 862/1262 [36:49<13:13,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 864/2846529 [36:49<2021:46:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 864/2846529 [36:49<2021:46:40,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 863/1262 [36:49<10:01,  1.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 863/1262 [36:49<10:01,  1.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 865/2846529 [36:50<2019:48:17,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 865/2846529 [36:50<2019:48:17,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 864/1262 [37:06<39:56,  6.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  68%|██████▊   | 864/1262 [37:06<39:56,  6.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 866/2846529 [37:06<2032:34:42,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 866/2846529 [37:06<2032:34:43,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 865/1262 [37:06<29:13,  4.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 865/1262 [37:06<29:13,  4.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 867/2846529 [37:07<2030:50:54,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 867/2846529 [37:07<2030:50:54,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 866/1262 [37:10<27:18,  4.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 866/1262 [37:10<27:18,  4.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 868/2846529 [37:10<2031:41:04,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 868/2846529 [37:10<2031:41:05,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 867/1262 [37:10<19:51,  3.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▊   | 867/1262 [37:10<19:51,  3.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 869/2846529 [37:11<2029:42:35,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 869/2846529 [37:11<2029:42:35,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 868/1262 [37:11<14:32,  2.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 868/1262 [37:11<14:32,  2.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 870/2846529 [37:11<2027:41:05,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 870/2846529 [37:11<2027:41:05,  2.57s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 869/1262 [37:11<10:49,  1.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 869/1262 [37:11<10:49,  1.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 871/2846529 [37:12<2025:39:55,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 871/2846529 [37:12<2025:39:55,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 870/1262 [37:13<10:41,  1.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 870/1262 [37:13<10:41,  1.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 872/2846529 [37:13<2024:47:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 872/2846529 [37:13<2024:47:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 871/1262 [37:13<08:03,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 871/1262 [37:13<08:03,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 873/2846529 [37:13<2022:44:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 873/2846529 [37:13<2022:44:57,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 872/1262 [37:13<06:32,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 872/1262 [37:13<06:32,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 874/2846529 [37:14<2020:51:31,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 874/2846529 [37:14<2020:51:32,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 873/1262 [37:14<05:09,  1.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 873/1262 [37:14<05:09,  1.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 875/2846529 [37:14<2018:49:24,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 875/2846529 [37:14<2018:49:24,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 874/1262 [37:14<04:45,  1.36it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 874/1262 [37:14<04:45,  1.36it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 876/2846529 [37:15<2017:03:28,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 876/2846529 [37:15<2017:03:28,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 875/1262 [37:17<08:33,  1.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 875/1262 [37:17<08:33,  1.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 877/2846529 [37:18<2017:11:46,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 877/2846529 [37:18<2017:11:46,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 876/1262 [37:17<06:37,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 876/1262 [37:17<06:37,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 878/2846529 [37:18<2015:12:04,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 878/2846529 [37:18<2015:12:04,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 877/1262 [37:18<05:39,  1.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  69%|██████▉   | 877/1262 [37:18<05:39,  1.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 879/2846529 [37:18<2013:23:26,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 879/2846529 [37:18<2013:23:26,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 878/1262 [37:18<04:35,  1.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 878/1262 [37:18<04:35,  1.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 880/2846529 [37:19<2011:24:10,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 880/2846529 [37:19<2011:24:10,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 879/1262 [37:18<03:43,  1.71it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 879/1262 [37:18<03:43,  1.71it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 881/2846529 [37:19<2009:21:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 881/2846529 [37:19<2009:21:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 880/1262 [37:19<04:06,  1.55it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 880/1262 [37:19<04:06,  1.55it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 882/2846529 [37:20<2007:47:20,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 882/2846529 [37:20<2007:47:20,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 881/1262 [37:24<11:49,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 881/1262 [37:24<11:49,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 883/2846529 [37:25<2009:43:38,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 883/2846529 [37:25<2009:43:38,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 882/1262 [37:24<08:50,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 882/1262 [37:24<08:50,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 884/2846529 [37:25<2007:43:30,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 884/2846529 [37:25<2007:43:30,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 883/1262 [37:25<07:07,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|██████▉   | 883/1262 [37:25<07:07,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 885/2846529 [37:25<2005:54:28,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 885/2846529 [37:25<2005:54:29,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 884/1262 [37:25<05:40,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 884/1262 [37:25<05:40,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 886/2846529 [37:26<2003:58:11,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 886/2846529 [37:26<2003:58:11,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 885/1262 [37:26<04:54,  1.28it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 885/1262 [37:26<04:54,  1.28it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 887/2846529 [37:26<2002:09:27,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 887/2846529 [37:26<2002:09:28,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 886/1262 [37:26<04:25,  1.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 886/1262 [37:26<04:25,  1.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 888/2846529 [37:27<2000:22:29,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 888/2846529 [37:27<2000:22:30,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 887/1262 [37:27<04:13,  1.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 887/1262 [37:27<04:13,  1.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 889/2846529 [37:27<1998:40:01,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 889/2846529 [37:27<1998:40:02,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 888/1262 [37:48<42:23,  6.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 888/1262 [37:48<42:23,  6.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 890/2846529 [37:48<2015:09:17,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 890/2846529 [37:48<2015:09:17,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 889/1262 [37:51<35:36,  5.73s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  70%|███████   | 889/1262 [37:51<35:36,  5.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 891/2846529 [37:52<2015:45:13,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 891/2846529 [37:52<2015:45:13,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 890/1262 [37:52<25:36,  4.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 890/1262 [37:52<25:36,  4.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 892/2846529 [37:52<2013:51:05,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 892/2846529 [37:52<2013:51:05,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 891/1262 [37:52<18:41,  3.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 891/1262 [37:52<18:41,  3.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 893/2846529 [37:52<2011:58:49,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 893/2846529 [37:52<2011:58:49,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 892/1262 [37:52<13:51,  2.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 892/1262 [37:52<13:51,  2.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 894/2846529 [37:53<2010:06:48,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 894/2846529 [37:53<2010:06:48,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 893/1262 [37:53<10:13,  1.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 893/1262 [37:53<10:13,  1.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 895/2846529 [37:53<2008:08:09,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 895/2846529 [37:53<2008:08:10,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 894/1262 [37:53<08:36,  1.40s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 894/1262 [37:53<08:36,  1.40s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 896/2846529 [37:54<2006:35:49,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 896/2846529 [37:54<2006:35:49,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 895/1262 [37:54<06:44,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 895/1262 [37:54<06:44,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 897/2846529 [37:54<2004:42:44,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 897/2846529 [37:54<2004:42:44,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 896/1262 [37:55<06:56,  1.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 896/1262 [37:55<06:56,  1.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 898/2846529 [37:56<2003:33:14,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 898/2846529 [37:56<2003:33:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 897/1262 [37:56<05:42,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 897/1262 [37:56<05:42,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 899/2846529 [37:56<2001:44:20,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 899/2846529 [37:56<2001:44:20,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 898/1262 [37:57<06:57,  1.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 898/1262 [37:57<06:57,  1.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 900/2846529 [37:58<2000:56:51,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 900/2846529 [37:58<2000:56:51,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 899/1262 [37:58<07:00,  1.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████   | 899/1262 [37:58<07:00,  1.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 901/2846529 [37:59<1999:46:05,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 901/2846529 [37:59<1999:46:06,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 900/1262 [37:59<05:30,  1.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 900/1262 [37:59<05:30,  1.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 902/2846529 [37:59<1997:50:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 902/2846529 [37:59<1997:50:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 901/1262 [37:59<04:30,  1.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 901/1262 [37:59<04:30,  1.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 903/2846529 [38:00<1995:57:18,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 903/2846529 [38:00<1995:57:18,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 902/1262 [38:00<04:03,  1.48it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  71%|███████▏  | 902/1262 [38:00<04:03,  1.48it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 904/2846529 [38:00<1994:11:08,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 904/2846529 [38:00<1994:11:09,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 903/1262 [38:00<03:25,  1.74it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 903/1262 [38:00<03:25,  1.74it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 905/2846529 [38:00<1992:16:32,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 905/2846529 [38:00<1992:16:33,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 904/1262 [38:00<03:06,  1.92it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 904/1262 [38:00<03:06,  1.92it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 906/2846529 [38:01<1990:25:26,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 906/2846529 [38:01<1990:25:26,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 905/1262 [38:01<02:56,  2.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 905/1262 [38:01<02:56,  2.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 907/2846529 [38:01<1988:36:31,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 907/2846529 [38:01<1988:36:31,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 906/1262 [38:01<03:18,  1.79it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 906/1262 [38:01<03:18,  1.79it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 908/2846529 [38:02<1987:01:41,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 908/2846529 [38:02<1987:01:41,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 907/1262 [38:02<02:54,  2.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 907/1262 [38:02<02:54,  2.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 909/2846529 [38:02<1985:08:12,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 909/2846529 [38:02<1985:08:13,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 908/1262 [38:03<04:22,  1.35it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 908/1262 [38:03<04:22,  1.35it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 910/2846529 [38:04<1984:06:08,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 910/2846529 [38:04<1984:06:08,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 909/1262 [38:07<09:43,  1.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 909/1262 [38:07<09:43,  1.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 911/2846529 [38:07<1985:12:05,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 911/2846529 [38:07<1985:12:05,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 910/1262 [38:08<07:49,  1.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 910/1262 [38:08<07:49,  1.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 912/2846529 [38:08<1983:32:15,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 912/2846529 [38:08<1983:32:15,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 911/1262 [38:12<12:38,  2.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 911/1262 [38:12<12:38,  2.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 913/2846529 [38:12<1984:54:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 913/2846529 [38:12<1984:54:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 912/1262 [38:12<09:27,  1.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 912/1262 [38:12<09:27,  1.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 914/2846529 [38:13<1983:02:59,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 914/2846529 [38:13<1983:03:00,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 913/1262 [38:12<07:11,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 913/1262 [38:12<07:11,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 915/2846529 [38:13<1981:10:27,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 915/2846529 [38:13<1981:10:27,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 914/1262 [38:13<05:43,  1.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  72%|███████▏  | 914/1262 [38:13<05:43,  1.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 916/2846529 [38:13<1979:21:26,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 916/2846529 [38:13<1979:21:27,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 915/1262 [38:13<04:47,  1.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 915/1262 [38:13<04:47,  1.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 917/2846529 [38:14<1977:35:53,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 917/2846529 [38:14<1977:35:54,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 916/1262 [38:24<21:25,  3.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 916/1262 [38:24<21:25,  3.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 918/2846529 [38:24<1984:26:30,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 918/2846529 [38:24<1984:26:31,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 917/1262 [38:24<15:39,  2.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 917/1262 [38:24<15:39,  2.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 919/2846529 [38:25<1982:37:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 919/2846529 [38:25<1982:37:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 918/1262 [38:24<11:40,  2.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 918/1262 [38:24<11:40,  2.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 920/2846529 [38:25<1980:50:50,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 920/2846529 [38:25<1980:50:50,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 919/1262 [38:25<08:43,  1.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 919/1262 [38:25<08:43,  1.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 921/2846529 [38:25<1978:58:59,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 921/2846529 [38:25<1978:59:00,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 920/1262 [38:25<06:49,  1.20s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 920/1262 [38:25<06:49,  1.20s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 922/2846529 [38:26<1977:12:31,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 922/2846529 [38:26<1977:12:31,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 921/1262 [38:32<16:22,  2.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 921/1262 [38:32<16:22,  2.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 923/2846529 [38:33<1980:53:48,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 923/2846529 [38:33<1980:53:49,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 922/1262 [38:32<12:00,  2.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 922/1262 [38:32<12:00,  2.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 924/2846529 [38:33<1979:02:31,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 924/2846529 [38:33<1979:02:31,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 923/1262 [38:33<09:06,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 923/1262 [38:33<09:06,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 925/2846529 [38:33<1977:16:13,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 925/2846529 [38:33<1977:16:14,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 924/1262 [38:36<11:07,  1.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 924/1262 [38:36<11:07,  1.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 926/2846529 [38:36<1977:32:21,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 926/2846529 [38:36<1977:32:22,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 925/1262 [38:38<11:08,  1.98s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 925/1262 [38:38<11:08,  1.98s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 927/2846529 [38:38<1977:07:01,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 927/2846529 [38:38<1977:07:02,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 926/1262 [38:38<08:33,  1.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 926/1262 [38:38<08:33,  1.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 928/2846529 [38:39<1975:23:05,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 928/2846529 [38:39<1975:23:05,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 927/1262 [38:38<06:36,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  73%|███████▎  | 927/1262 [38:38<06:36,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 929/2846529 [38:39<1973:34:27,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 929/2846529 [38:39<1973:34:28,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 928/1262 [38:39<05:26,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 928/1262 [38:39<05:26,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 930/2846529 [38:40<1971:52:44,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 930/2846529 [38:40<1971:52:44,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 929/1262 [38:39<04:37,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 929/1262 [38:39<04:37,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 931/2846529 [38:40<1970:10:47,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 931/2846529 [38:40<1970:10:47,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 930/1262 [39:01<38:12,  6.90s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▎  | 930/1262 [39:01<38:12,  6.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 932/2846529 [39:01<1985:56:03,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 932/2846529 [39:01<1985:56:03,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 931/1262 [39:01<27:10,  4.92s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 931/1262 [39:01<27:10,  4.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 933/2846529 [39:01<1984:03:54,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 933/2846529 [39:01<1984:03:54,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 932/1262 [39:01<19:40,  3.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 932/1262 [39:01<19:40,  3.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 934/2846529 [39:02<1982:18:21,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 934/2846529 [39:02<1982:18:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 933/1262 [39:03<17:06,  3.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 933/1262 [39:03<17:06,  3.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 935/2846529 [39:04<1981:55:10,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 935/2846529 [39:04<1981:55:10,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 934/1262 [39:04<12:26,  2.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 934/1262 [39:04<12:26,  2.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 936/2846529 [39:04<1980:03:28,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 936/2846529 [39:04<1980:03:29,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 935/1262 [39:04<09:45,  1.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 935/1262 [39:04<09:45,  1.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 937/2846529 [39:05<1978:30:15,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 937/2846529 [39:05<1978:30:16,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 936/1262 [39:05<07:21,  1.36s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 936/1262 [39:05<07:21,  1.36s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 938/2846529 [39:05<1976:40:41,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 938/2846529 [39:05<1976:40:42,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 937/1262 [39:26<39:25,  7.28s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 937/1262 [39:26<39:25,  7.28s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 939/2846529 [39:26<1992:20:02,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 939/2846529 [39:26<1992:20:03,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 938/1262 [39:27<29:44,  5.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 938/1262 [39:27<29:44,  5.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 940/2846529 [39:28<1991:21:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 940/2846529 [39:28<1991:21:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 939/1262 [39:32<29:18,  5.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 939/1262 [39:32<29:18,  5.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 941/2846529 [39:33<1993:42:16,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 941/2846529 [39:33<1993:42:17,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 940/1262 [39:35<25:15,  4.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  74%|███████▍  | 940/1262 [39:35<25:15,  4.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 942/2846529 [39:36<1994:05:14,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 942/2846529 [39:36<1994:05:14,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 941/1262 [39:36<18:22,  3.43s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 941/1262 [39:36<18:22,  3.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 943/2846529 [39:36<1992:21:45,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 943/2846529 [39:36<1992:21:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 942/1262 [39:36<13:24,  2.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 942/1262 [39:36<13:24,  2.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 944/2846529 [39:37<1990:33:41,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 944/2846529 [39:37<1990:33:42,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 943/1262 [39:37<09:53,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 943/1262 [39:37<09:53,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 945/2846529 [39:37<1988:44:08,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 945/2846529 [39:37<1988:44:08,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 944/1262 [39:37<07:57,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 944/1262 [39:37<07:57,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 946/2846529 [39:38<1987:11:06,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 946/2846529 [39:38<1987:11:06,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 945/1262 [39:38<06:36,  1.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 945/1262 [39:38<06:36,  1.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 947/2846529 [39:38<1985:38:43,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 947/2846529 [39:38<1985:38:44,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 946/1262 [39:39<05:39,  1.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▍  | 946/1262 [39:39<05:39,  1.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 948/2846529 [39:39<1984:06:09,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 948/2846529 [39:39<1984:06:09,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 947/1262 [39:39<04:34,  1.15it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 947/1262 [39:39<04:34,  1.15it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 949/2846529 [39:39<1982:20:36,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 949/2846529 [39:39<1982:20:36,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 948/1262 [39:39<03:46,  1.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 948/1262 [39:39<03:46,  1.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 950/2846529 [39:40<1980:33:44,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 950/2846529 [39:40<1980:33:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 949/1262 [39:56<28:00,  5.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 949/1262 [39:56<28:00,  5.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 951/2846529 [39:56<1991:57:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 951/2846529 [39:56<1991:57:16,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 950/1262 [39:56<20:22,  3.92s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 950/1262 [39:56<20:22,  3.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 952/2846529 [39:57<1990:18:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 952/2846529 [39:57<1990:18:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 951/1262 [39:57<15:08,  2.92s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 951/1262 [39:57<15:08,  2.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 953/2846529 [39:57<1988:42:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 953/2846529 [39:57<1988:42:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 952/1262 [39:57<11:47,  2.28s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  75%|███████▌  | 952/1262 [39:57<11:47,  2.28s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 954/2846529 [39:58<1987:16:49,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 954/2846529 [39:58<1987:16:50,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 953/1262 [39:58<08:59,  1.75s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 953/1262 [39:58<08:59,  1.75s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 955/2846529 [39:58<1985:36:26,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 955/2846529 [39:58<1985:36:26,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 954/1262 [39:58<06:50,  1.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 954/1262 [39:58<06:50,  1.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 956/2846529 [39:59<1983:50:05,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 956/2846529 [39:59<1983:50:06,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 955/1262 [39:59<05:44,  1.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 955/1262 [39:59<05:44,  1.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 957/2846529 [39:59<1982:16:47,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 957/2846529 [39:59<1982:16:48,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 956/1262 [40:01<07:41,  1.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 956/1262 [40:01<07:41,  1.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 958/2846529 [40:02<1982:12:01,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 958/2846529 [40:02<1982:12:02,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 957/1262 [40:02<06:01,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 957/1262 [40:02<06:01,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 959/2846529 [40:02<1980:29:21,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 959/2846529 [40:02<1980:29:21,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 958/1262 [40:02<04:49,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 958/1262 [40:02<04:49,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 960/2846529 [40:03<1978:45:27,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 960/2846529 [40:03<1978:45:28,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 959/1262 [40:03<04:01,  1.26it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 959/1262 [40:03<04:01,  1.26it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 961/2846529 [40:03<1977:03:15,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 961/2846529 [40:03<1977:03:15,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 960/1262 [40:03<03:21,  1.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 960/1262 [40:03<03:21,  1.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 962/2846529 [40:04<1975:18:01,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 962/2846529 [40:04<1975:18:01,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 961/1262 [40:04<03:17,  1.53it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 961/1262 [40:04<03:17,  1.53it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 963/2846529 [40:04<1973:45:40,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 963/2846529 [40:04<1973:45:41,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 962/1262 [40:25<33:50,  6.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▌  | 962/1262 [40:25<33:50,  6.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 964/2846529 [40:25<1988:57:45,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 964/2846529 [40:25<1988:57:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 963/1262 [40:46<55:11, 11.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 963/1262 [40:46<55:11, 11.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 965/2846529 [40:46<2004:12:17,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 965/2846529 [40:46<2004:12:17,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 964/1262 [40:47<40:35,  8.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 964/1262 [40:47<40:35,  8.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 966/2846529 [40:48<2003:16:26,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 966/2846529 [40:48<2003:16:27,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 965/1262 [40:48<28:57,  5.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  76%|███████▋  | 965/1262 [40:48<28:57,  5.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 967/2846529 [40:48<2001:33:20,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 967/2846529 [40:48<2001:33:21,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 966/1262 [40:48<20:47,  4.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 966/1262 [40:48<20:47,  4.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 968/2846529 [40:49<1999:48:53,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 968/2846529 [40:49<1999:48:54,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 967/1262 [40:49<15:26,  3.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 967/1262 [40:49<15:26,  3.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 969/2846529 [40:49<1998:16:09,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 969/2846529 [40:49<1998:16:09,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 968/1262 [40:49<11:19,  2.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 968/1262 [40:49<11:19,  2.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 970/2846529 [40:50<1996:30:42,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 970/2846529 [40:50<1996:30:43,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 969/1262 [40:50<09:23,  1.92s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 969/1262 [40:50<09:23,  1.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 971/2846529 [40:51<1995:17:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 971/2846529 [40:51<1995:17:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 970/1262 [40:51<07:51,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 970/1262 [40:51<07:51,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 972/2846529 [40:51<1993:57:25,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 972/2846529 [40:51<1993:57:26,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 971/1262 [40:52<06:30,  1.34s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 971/1262 [40:52<06:30,  1.34s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 973/2846529 [40:52<1992:28:38,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 973/2846529 [40:52<1992:28:38,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 972/1262 [40:53<06:54,  1.43s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 972/1262 [40:53<06:54,  1.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 974/2846529 [40:54<1991:45:44,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 974/2846529 [40:54<1991:45:45,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 973/1262 [40:54<05:18,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 973/1262 [40:54<05:18,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 975/2846529 [40:54<1989:59:36,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 975/2846529 [40:54<1989:59:37,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 974/1262 [40:54<04:25,  1.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 974/1262 [40:54<04:25,  1.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 976/2846529 [40:55<1988:21:38,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 976/2846529 [40:55<1988:21:38,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 975/1262 [40:59<09:45,  2.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 975/1262 [40:59<09:45,  2.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 977/2846529 [40:59<1990:04:56,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 977/2846529 [40:59<1990:04:57,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 976/1262 [41:06<16:42,  3.51s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 976/1262 [41:06<16:42,  3.51s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 978/2846529 [41:06<1993:38:50,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 978/2846529 [41:06<1993:38:51,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 977/1262 [41:06<12:11,  2.57s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 977/1262 [41:06<12:11,  2.57s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 979/2846529 [41:07<1991:54:40,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 979/2846529 [41:07<1991:54:40,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 978/1262 [41:06<08:55,  1.89s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  77%|███████▋  | 978/1262 [41:06<08:55,  1.89s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 980/2846529 [41:07<1990:07:19,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 980/2846529 [41:07<1990:07:20,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 979/1262 [41:07<07:01,  1.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 979/1262 [41:07<07:01,  1.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 981/2846529 [41:07<1988:32:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 981/2846529 [41:07<1988:32:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 980/1262 [41:12<11:59,  2.55s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 980/1262 [41:12<11:59,  2.55s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 982/2846529 [41:13<1990:33:58,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 982/2846529 [41:13<1990:33:58,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 981/1262 [41:12<08:50,  1.89s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 981/1262 [41:12<08:50,  1.89s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 983/2846529 [41:13<1988:48:45,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 983/2846529 [41:13<1988:48:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 982/1262 [41:13<07:10,  1.54s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 982/1262 [41:13<07:10,  1.54s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 984/2846529 [41:14<1987:22:21,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 984/2846529 [41:14<1987:22:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 983/1262 [41:34<34:18,  7.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 983/1262 [41:34<34:18,  7.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 985/2846529 [41:35<2002:12:49,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 985/2846529 [41:35<2002:12:50,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 984/1262 [41:35<24:38,  5.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 984/1262 [41:35<24:38,  5.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 986/2846529 [41:35<2000:35:13,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 986/2846529 [41:35<2000:35:13,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 985/1262 [41:55<46:11, 10.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 985/1262 [41:55<46:11, 10.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 987/2846529 [41:56<2015:19:50,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 987/2846529 [41:56<2015:19:50,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 986/1262 [41:56<33:03,  7.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 986/1262 [41:56<33:03,  7.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 988/2846529 [41:57<2013:46:27,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 988/2846529 [41:57<2013:46:27,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 987/1262 [41:57<24:08,  5.27s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 987/1262 [41:57<24:08,  5.27s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 989/2846529 [41:57<2012:22:17,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 989/2846529 [41:57<2012:22:17,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 988/1262 [41:58<18:28,  4.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 988/1262 [41:58<18:28,  4.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 990/2846529 [41:59<2011:17:33,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 990/2846529 [41:59<2011:17:34,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 989/1262 [41:59<13:42,  3.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 989/1262 [41:59<13:42,  3.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 991/2846529 [41:59<2009:44:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 991/2846529 [41:59<2009:44:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 990/1262 [41:59<10:06,  2.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  78%|███████▊  | 990/1262 [41:59<10:06,  2.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 992/2846529 [42:00<2008:02:06,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 992/2846529 [42:00<2008:02:06,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 991/1262 [42:20<35:30,  7.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 991/1262 [42:20<35:30,  7.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 993/2846529 [42:21<2022:44:09,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 993/2846529 [42:21<2022:44:09,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 992/1262 [42:21<25:27,  5.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 992/1262 [42:21<25:27,  5.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 994/2846529 [42:21<2021:06:14,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 994/2846529 [42:21<2021:06:14,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 993/1262 [42:21<18:23,  4.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▊  | 993/1262 [42:21<18:23,  4.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 995/2846529 [42:22<2019:26:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 995/2846529 [42:22<2019:26:49,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 994/1262 [42:23<15:17,  3.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 994/1262 [42:23<15:17,  3.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 996/2846529 [42:23<2018:52:53,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 996/2846529 [42:23<2018:52:53,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 995/1262 [42:23<11:15,  2.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 995/1262 [42:23<11:15,  2.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 997/2846529 [42:24<2017:12:19,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 997/2846529 [42:24<2017:12:20,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 996/1262 [42:24<08:34,  1.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 996/1262 [42:24<08:34,  1.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 998/2846529 [42:24<2015:36:43,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 998/2846529 [42:24<2015:36:43,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 997/1262 [42:24<06:25,  1.46s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 997/1262 [42:24<06:25,  1.46s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 999/2846529 [42:25<2013:51:56,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 999/2846529 [42:25<2013:51:56,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 998/1262 [42:25<04:58,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 998/1262 [42:25<04:58,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1000/2846529 [42:25<2012:08:47,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1000/2846529 [42:25<2012:08:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 999/1262 [42:25<04:00,  1.09it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 999/1262 [42:25<04:00,  1.09it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1001/2846529 [42:26<2010:27:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1001/2846529 [42:26<2010:27:37,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1000/1262 [42:25<03:17,  1.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1000/1262 [42:25<03:17,  1.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1002/2846529 [42:26<2008:44:56,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1002/2846529 [42:26<2008:44:57,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1001/1262 [42:47<30:08,  6.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1001/1262 [42:47<30:08,  6.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1003/2846529 [42:47<2023:33:38,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1003/2846529 [42:47<2023:33:38,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1002/1262 [42:47<21:25,  4.94s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1002/1262 [42:47<21:25,  4.94s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1004/2846529 [42:48<2021:47:13,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1004/2846529 [42:48<2021:47:13,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1003/1262 [42:48<16:00,  3.71s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  79%|███████▉  | 1003/1262 [42:48<16:00,  3.71s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1005/2846529 [42:48<2020:25:51,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1005/2846529 [42:48<2020:25:52,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1004/1262 [42:49<13:00,  3.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1004/1262 [42:49<13:00,  3.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1006/2846529 [42:50<2019:32:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1006/2846529 [42:50<2019:32:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1005/1262 [42:50<09:30,  2.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1005/1262 [42:50<09:30,  2.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1007/2846529 [42:50<2017:48:07,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1007/2846529 [42:50<2017:48:08,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1006/1262 [42:51<07:49,  1.83s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1006/1262 [42:51<07:49,  1.83s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1008/2846529 [42:51<2016:31:44,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1008/2846529 [42:51<2016:31:44,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1007/1262 [42:51<06:01,  1.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1007/1262 [42:51<06:01,  1.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1009/2846529 [42:52<2014:52:37,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1009/2846529 [42:52<2014:52:38,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1008/1262 [42:51<04:42,  1.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1008/1262 [42:51<04:42,  1.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1010/2846529 [42:52<2013:11:54,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1010/2846529 [42:52<2013:11:54,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1009/1262 [42:52<03:42,  1.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|███████▉  | 1009/1262 [42:52<03:42,  1.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1011/2846529 [42:52<2011:28:20,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1011/2846529 [42:52<2011:28:21,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1010/1262 [43:00<13:22,  3.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1010/1262 [43:00<13:22,  3.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1012/2846529 [43:01<2016:10:24,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1012/2846529 [43:01<2016:10:25,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1011/1262 [43:01<09:43,  2.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1011/1262 [43:01<09:43,  2.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1013/2846529 [43:01<2014:25:26,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1013/2846529 [43:01<2014:25:26,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1012/1262 [43:01<07:21,  1.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1012/1262 [43:01<07:21,  1.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1014/2846529 [43:02<2012:48:08,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1014/2846529 [43:02<2012:48:08,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1013/1262 [43:03<06:53,  1.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1013/1262 [43:03<06:53,  1.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1015/2846529 [43:03<2011:55:21,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1015/2846529 [43:03<2011:55:21,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1014/1262 [43:04<06:10,  1.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1014/1262 [43:04<06:10,  1.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1016/2846529 [43:04<2010:47:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1016/2846529 [43:04<2010:47:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1015/1262 [43:07<09:02,  2.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  80%|████████  | 1015/1262 [43:07<09:02,  2.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1017/2846529 [43:08<2011:47:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1017/2846529 [43:08<2011:47:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1016/1262 [43:08<07:19,  1.79s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1016/1262 [43:08<07:19,  1.79s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1018/2846529 [43:09<2010:27:50,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1018/2846529 [43:09<2010:27:50,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1017/1262 [43:29<31:02,  7.60s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1017/1262 [43:29<31:02,  7.60s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1019/2846529 [43:30<2024:55:08,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1019/2846529 [43:30<2024:55:08,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1018/1262 [43:30<22:20,  5.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1018/1262 [43:30<22:20,  5.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1020/2846529 [43:31<2023:22:38,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1020/2846529 [43:31<2023:22:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1019/1262 [43:30<16:02,  3.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1019/1262 [43:30<16:02,  3.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1021/2846529 [43:31<2021:41:10,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1021/2846529 [43:31<2021:41:10,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1020/1262 [43:31<11:32,  2.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1020/1262 [43:31<11:32,  2.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1022/2846529 [43:31<2019:56:29,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1022/2846529 [43:31<2019:56:30,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1021/1262 [43:31<08:22,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1021/1262 [43:31<08:22,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1023/2846529 [43:32<2018:10:38,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1023/2846529 [43:32<2018:10:38,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1022/1262 [43:31<06:21,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1022/1262 [43:31<06:21,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1024/2846529 [43:32<2016:32:35,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1024/2846529 [43:32<2016:32:35,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1023/1262 [43:33<06:25,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1023/1262 [43:33<06:25,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1025/2846529 [43:34<2015:51:36,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1025/2846529 [43:34<2015:51:36,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1024/1262 [43:38<10:26,  2.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1024/1262 [43:38<10:26,  2.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1026/2846529 [43:39<2017:45:27,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1026/2846529 [43:39<2017:45:28,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1025/1262 [43:39<07:46,  1.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████  | 1025/1262 [43:39<07:46,  1.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1027/2846529 [43:39<2016:06:25,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1027/2846529 [43:39<2016:06:25,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1026/1262 [43:39<05:51,  1.49s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1026/1262 [43:39<05:51,  1.49s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1028/2846529 [43:39<2014:25:58,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1028/2846529 [43:39<2014:25:58,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1027/1262 [43:50<16:51,  4.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1027/1262 [43:50<16:51,  4.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1029/2846529 [43:50<2020:49:48,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1029/2846529 [43:50<2020:49:49,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1028/1262 [43:52<14:41,  3.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  81%|████████▏ | 1028/1262 [43:52<14:41,  3.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1030/2846529 [43:53<2020:47:30,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1030/2846529 [43:53<2020:47:30,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1029/1262 [43:56<15:04,  3.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1029/1262 [43:56<15:04,  3.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1031/2846529 [43:57<2022:00:44,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1031/2846529 [43:57<2022:00:44,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1030/1262 [44:04<19:11,  4.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1030/1262 [44:04<19:11,  4.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1032/2846529 [44:04<2025:46:59,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1032/2846529 [44:04<2025:46:59,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1031/1262 [44:04<13:52,  3.60s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1031/1262 [44:04<13:52,  3.60s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1033/2846529 [44:05<2024:09:25,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1033/2846529 [44:05<2024:09:26,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1032/1262 [44:06<11:54,  3.11s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1032/1262 [44:06<11:54,  3.11s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1034/2846529 [44:07<2023:41:16,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1034/2846529 [44:07<2023:41:17,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1033/1262 [44:09<10:55,  2.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1033/1262 [44:09<10:55,  2.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1035/2846529 [44:09<2023:28:59,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1035/2846529 [44:09<2023:28:59,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1034/1262 [44:11<09:58,  2.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1034/1262 [44:11<09:58,  2.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1036/2846529 [44:11<2023:06:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1036/2846529 [44:11<2023:06:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1035/1262 [44:11<07:31,  1.99s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1035/1262 [44:11<07:31,  1.99s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1037/2846529 [44:12<2021:32:27,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1037/2846529 [44:12<2021:32:28,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1036/1262 [44:12<05:46,  1.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1036/1262 [44:12<05:46,  1.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1038/2846529 [44:12<2019:57:11,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1038/2846529 [44:12<2019:57:11,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1037/1262 [44:12<04:28,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1037/1262 [44:12<04:28,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1039/2846529 [44:13<2018:18:50,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1039/2846529 [44:13<2018:18:50,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1038/1262 [44:13<03:38,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1038/1262 [44:13<03:38,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1040/2846529 [44:13<2016:43:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1040/2846529 [44:13<2016:43:48,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1039/1262 [44:13<02:55,  1.27it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1039/1262 [44:13<02:55,  1.27it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1041/2846529 [44:13<2015:02:59,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1041/2846529 [44:13<2015:02:59,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1040/1262 [44:16<05:53,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1040/1262 [44:16<05:53,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1042/2846529 [44:17<2015:45:05,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1042/2846529 [44:17<2015:45:05,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1041/1262 [44:18<06:12,  1.69s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  82%|████████▏ | 1041/1262 [44:18<06:12,  1.69s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1043/2846529 [44:19<2015:15:46,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1043/2846529 [44:19<2015:15:47,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1042/1262 [44:19<04:48,  1.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1042/1262 [44:19<04:48,  1.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1044/2846529 [44:19<2013:39:59,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1044/2846529 [44:19<2013:39:59,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1043/1262 [44:19<03:58,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1043/1262 [44:19<03:58,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1045/2846529 [44:20<2012:10:02,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1045/2846529 [44:20<2012:10:03,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1044/1262 [44:20<03:08,  1.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1044/1262 [44:20<03:08,  1.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1046/2846529 [44:20<2010:29:56,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1046/2846529 [44:20<2010:29:56,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1045/1262 [44:22<04:58,  1.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1045/1262 [44:22<04:58,  1.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1047/2846529 [44:23<2010:31:16,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1047/2846529 [44:23<2010:31:16,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1046/1262 [44:22<03:45,  1.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1046/1262 [44:22<03:45,  1.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1048/2846529 [44:23<2008:48:27,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1048/2846529 [44:23<2008:48:28,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1047/1262 [44:23<02:59,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1047/1262 [44:23<02:59,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1049/2846529 [44:23<2007:08:58,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1049/2846529 [44:23<2007:08:58,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1048/1262 [44:23<02:39,  1.34it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1048/1262 [44:23<02:39,  1.34it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1050/2846529 [44:24<2005:38:14,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1050/2846529 [44:24<2005:38:15,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1049/1262 [44:24<02:08,  1.66it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1049/1262 [44:24<02:08,  1.66it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1051/2846529 [44:24<2003:55:55,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1051/2846529 [44:24<2003:55:56,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1050/1262 [44:24<01:50,  1.91it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1050/1262 [44:24<01:50,  1.91it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1052/2846529 [44:24<2002:16:48,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1052/2846529 [44:24<2002:16:49,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1051/1262 [44:24<01:40,  2.10it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1051/1262 [44:24<01:40,  2.10it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1053/2846529 [44:25<2000:39:21,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1053/2846529 [44:25<2000:39:22,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1052/1262 [44:25<01:31,  2.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1052/1262 [44:25<01:31,  2.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1054/2846529 [44:25<1999:00:31,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1054/2846529 [44:25<1999:00:31,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1053/1262 [44:25<01:26,  2.41it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  83%|████████▎ | 1053/1262 [44:25<01:26,  2.41it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1055/2846529 [44:26<1997:23:23,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1055/2846529 [44:26<1997:23:23,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1054/1262 [44:25<01:25,  2.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1054/1262 [44:25<01:25,  2.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1056/2846529 [44:26<1995:48:02,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1056/2846529 [44:26<1995:48:02,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1055/1262 [44:26<01:24,  2.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1055/1262 [44:26<01:24,  2.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1057/2846529 [44:26<1994:12:55,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1057/2846529 [44:26<1994:12:55,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1056/1262 [44:26<01:34,  2.19it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▎ | 1056/1262 [44:26<01:34,  2.19it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1058/2846529 [44:27<1992:45:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1058/2846529 [44:27<1992:45:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1057/1262 [44:27<02:11,  1.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1057/1262 [44:27<02:11,  1.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1059/2846529 [44:28<1991:39:57,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1059/2846529 [44:28<1991:39:58,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1058/1262 [44:33<07:05,  2.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1058/1262 [44:33<07:05,  2.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1060/2846529 [44:33<1993:51:33,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1060/2846529 [44:33<1993:51:33,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1059/1262 [44:33<05:23,  1.59s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1059/1262 [44:33<05:23,  1.59s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1061/2846529 [44:34<1992:18:19,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1061/2846529 [44:34<1992:18:19,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1060/1262 [44:54<25:03,  7.44s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1060/1262 [44:54<25:03,  7.44s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1062/2846529 [44:55<2006:07:35,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1062/2846529 [44:55<2006:07:35,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1061/1262 [44:55<17:55,  5.35s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1061/1262 [44:55<17:55,  5.35s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1063/2846529 [44:55<2004:35:40,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1063/2846529 [44:55<2004:35:41,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1062/1262 [44:56<13:17,  3.99s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1062/1262 [44:56<13:17,  3.99s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1064/2846529 [44:56<2003:18:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1064/2846529 [44:56<2003:18:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1063/1262 [44:57<10:04,  3.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1063/1262 [44:57<10:04,  3.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1065/2846529 [44:57<2002:02:09,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1065/2846529 [44:57<2002:02:10,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1064/1262 [44:57<07:23,  2.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1064/1262 [44:57<07:23,  2.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1066/2846529 [44:57<2000:25:53,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1066/2846529 [44:57<2000:25:53,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1065/1262 [44:57<05:42,  1.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1065/1262 [44:57<05:42,  1.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1067/2846529 [44:58<1998:58:28,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1067/2846529 [44:58<1998:58:28,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1066/1262 [44:58<04:16,  1.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  84%|████████▍ | 1066/1262 [44:58<04:16,  1.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1068/2846529 [44:58<1997:19:41,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1068/2846529 [44:58<1997:19:41,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1067/1262 [44:58<03:21,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1067/1262 [44:58<03:21,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1069/2846529 [44:59<1995:45:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1069/2846529 [44:59<1995:45:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1068/1262 [45:19<22:44,  7.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1068/1262 [45:19<22:44,  7.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1070/2846529 [45:20<2009:25:23,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1070/2846529 [45:20<2009:25:23,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1069/1262 [45:20<16:13,  5.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1069/1262 [45:20<16:13,  5.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1071/2846529 [45:20<2007:50:45,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1071/2846529 [45:20<2007:50:46,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1070/1262 [45:41<31:37,  9.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1070/1262 [45:41<31:37,  9.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1072/2846529 [45:41<2021:34:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1072/2846529 [45:41<2021:34:56,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1071/1262 [45:42<23:16,  7.31s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1071/1262 [45:42<23:16,  7.31s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1073/2846529 [45:43<2020:39:39,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1073/2846529 [45:43<2020:39:40,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1072/1262 [45:43<17:09,  5.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▍ | 1072/1262 [45:43<17:09,  5.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1074/2846529 [45:44<2019:31:03,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1074/2846529 [45:44<2019:31:03,  2.56s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1073/1262 [45:44<12:49,  4.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1073/1262 [45:44<12:49,  4.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1075/2846529 [45:45<2018:19:10,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1075/2846529 [45:45<2018:19:11,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1074/1262 [45:45<09:27,  3.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1074/1262 [45:45<09:27,  3.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1076/2846529 [45:45<2016:51:22,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1076/2846529 [45:45<2016:51:22,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1075/1262 [45:45<07:01,  2.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1075/1262 [45:45<07:01,  2.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1077/2846529 [45:46<2015:19:36,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1077/2846529 [45:46<2015:19:37,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1076/1262 [45:45<05:12,  1.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1076/1262 [45:45<05:12,  1.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1078/2846529 [45:46<2013:42:14,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1078/2846529 [45:46<2013:42:15,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1077/1262 [45:46<04:07,  1.34s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1077/1262 [45:46<04:07,  1.34s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1079/2846529 [45:46<2012:14:07,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1079/2846529 [45:46<2012:14:08,  2.55s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1078/1262 [45:46<03:16,  1.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1078/1262 [45:46<03:16,  1.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1080/2846529 [45:47<2010:41:35,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1080/2846529 [45:47<2010:41:36,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1079/1262 [45:47<02:44,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  85%|████████▌ | 1079/1262 [45:47<02:44,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1081/2846529 [45:47<2009:11:53,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1081/2846529 [45:47<2009:11:54,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1080/1262 [45:48<02:35,  1.17it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1080/1262 [45:48<02:35,  1.17it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1082/2846529 [45:48<2007:53:45,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1082/2846529 [45:48<2007:53:46,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1081/1262 [45:48<02:03,  1.47it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1081/1262 [45:48<02:03,  1.47it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1083/2846529 [45:48<2006:14:25,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1083/2846529 [45:48<2006:14:25,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1082/1262 [45:48<01:49,  1.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1082/1262 [45:48<01:49,  1.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1084/2846529 [45:49<2004:42:29,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1084/2846529 [45:49<2004:42:29,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1083/1262 [45:49<01:43,  1.73it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1083/1262 [45:49<01:43,  1.73it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1085/2846529 [45:49<2003:13:47,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1085/2846529 [45:49<2003:13:47,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1084/1262 [45:49<01:33,  1.90it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1084/1262 [45:49<01:33,  1.90it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1086/2846529 [45:50<2001:40:46,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1086/2846529 [45:50<2001:40:46,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1085/1262 [45:50<01:24,  2.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1085/1262 [45:50<01:24,  2.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1087/2846529 [45:50<2000:06:28,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1087/2846529 [45:50<2000:06:28,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1086/1262 [45:50<01:22,  2.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1086/1262 [45:50<01:22,  2.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1088/2846529 [45:51<1998:35:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1088/2846529 [45:51<1998:35:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1087/1262 [45:53<03:28,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1087/1262 [45:53<03:28,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1089/2846529 [45:53<1998:50:53,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1089/2846529 [45:53<1998:50:53,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1088/1262 [45:53<02:41,  1.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▌ | 1088/1262 [45:53<02:41,  1.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1090/2846529 [45:54<1997:14:07,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1090/2846529 [45:54<1997:14:07,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1089/1262 [45:54<02:19,  1.24it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1089/1262 [45:54<02:19,  1.24it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1091/2846529 [45:54<1995:46:35,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1091/2846529 [45:54<1995:46:35,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1090/1262 [45:56<03:13,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1090/1262 [45:56<03:13,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1092/2846529 [45:56<1995:18:29,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1092/2846529 [45:56<1995:18:30,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1091/1262 [45:56<02:42,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  86%|████████▋ | 1091/1262 [45:56<02:42,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1093/2846529 [45:57<1993:52:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1093/2846529 [45:57<1993:52:14,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1092/1262 [46:03<07:21,  2.60s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1092/1262 [46:03<07:21,  2.60s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1094/2846529 [46:03<1996:41:47,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1094/2846529 [46:03<1996:41:47,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1093/1262 [46:04<06:12,  2.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1093/1262 [46:04<06:12,  2.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1095/2846529 [46:04<1995:48:29,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1095/2846529 [46:04<1995:48:29,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1094/1262 [46:07<07:18,  2.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1094/1262 [46:07<07:18,  2.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1096/2846529 [46:08<1996:32:35,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1096/2846529 [46:08<1996:32:35,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1095/1262 [46:08<05:21,  1.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1095/1262 [46:08<05:21,  1.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1097/2846529 [46:08<1994:58:02,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1097/2846529 [46:08<1994:58:02,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1096/1262 [46:09<04:59,  1.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1096/1262 [46:09<04:59,  1.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1098/2846529 [46:10<1994:14:09,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1098/2846529 [46:10<1994:14:09,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1097/1262 [46:10<03:56,  1.43s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1097/1262 [46:10<03:56,  1.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1099/2846529 [46:10<1992:50:07,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1099/2846529 [46:10<1992:50:08,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1098/1262 [46:11<03:32,  1.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1098/1262 [46:11<03:32,  1.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1100/2846529 [46:11<1991:42:54,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1100/2846529 [46:11<1991:42:55,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1099/1262 [46:11<02:45,  1.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1099/1262 [46:11<02:45,  1.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1101/2846529 [46:12<1990:10:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1101/2846529 [46:12<1990:10:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1100/1262 [46:12<02:10,  1.25it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1100/1262 [46:12<02:10,  1.25it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1102/2846529 [46:12<1988:34:58,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1102/2846529 [46:12<1988:34:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1101/1262 [46:12<01:51,  1.44it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1101/1262 [46:12<01:51,  1.44it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1103/2846529 [46:12<1987:05:32,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1103/2846529 [46:12<1987:05:33,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1102/1262 [46:14<02:49,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1102/1262 [46:14<02:49,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1104/2846529 [46:14<1986:39:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1104/2846529 [46:14<1986:39:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1103/1262 [46:18<05:06,  1.93s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1103/1262 [46:18<05:06,  1.93s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1105/2846529 [46:18<1987:41:30,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1105/2846529 [46:18<1987:41:30,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1104/1262 [46:18<03:56,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  87%|████████▋ | 1104/1262 [46:18<03:56,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1106/2846529 [46:19<1986:14:54,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1106/2846529 [46:19<1986:14:55,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1105/1262 [46:19<03:17,  1.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1105/1262 [46:19<03:17,  1.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1107/2846529 [46:20<1984:56:59,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1107/2846529 [46:20<1984:56:59,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1106/1262 [46:19<02:33,  1.02it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1106/1262 [46:19<02:33,  1.02it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1108/2846529 [46:20<1983:23:51,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1108/2846529 [46:20<1983:23:52,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1107/1262 [46:20<02:17,  1.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1107/1262 [46:20<02:17,  1.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1109/2846529 [46:21<1982:05:15,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1109/2846529 [46:21<1982:05:16,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1108/1262 [46:41<17:43,  6.90s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1108/1262 [46:41<17:43,  6.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1110/2846529 [46:42<1995:12:48,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1110/2846529 [46:42<1995:12:48,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1109/1262 [46:41<12:36,  4.95s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1109/1262 [46:41<12:36,  4.95s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1111/2846529 [46:42<1993:41:06,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1111/2846529 [46:42<1993:41:07,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1110/1262 [46:42<08:58,  3.54s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1110/1262 [46:42<08:58,  3.54s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1112/2846529 [46:42<1992:05:08,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1112/2846529 [46:42<1992:05:09,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1111/1262 [46:46<09:41,  3.85s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1111/1262 [46:46<09:41,  3.85s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1113/2846529 [46:47<1993:32:44,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1113/2846529 [46:47<1993:32:44,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1112/1262 [46:47<07:14,  2.90s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1112/1262 [46:47<07:14,  2.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1114/2846529 [46:47<1992:13:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1114/2846529 [46:47<1992:13:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1113/1262 [46:47<05:26,  2.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1113/1262 [46:47<05:26,  2.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1115/2846529 [46:48<1990:49:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1115/2846529 [46:48<1990:49:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1114/1262 [46:48<04:01,  1.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1114/1262 [46:48<04:01,  1.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1116/2846529 [46:48<1989:16:34,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1116/2846529 [46:48<1989:16:34,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1115/1262 [46:49<03:51,  1.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1115/1262 [46:49<03:51,  1.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1117/2846529 [46:50<1988:30:46,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1117/2846529 [46:50<1988:30:47,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1116/1262 [46:50<02:57,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  88%|████████▊ | 1116/1262 [46:50<02:57,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1118/2846529 [46:50<1986:59:51,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1118/2846529 [46:50<1986:59:51,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1117/1262 [46:51<02:46,  1.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1117/1262 [46:51<02:46,  1.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1119/2846529 [46:51<1985:55:20,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1119/2846529 [46:51<1985:55:21,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1118/1262 [46:53<03:59,  1.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1118/1262 [46:53<03:59,  1.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1120/2846529 [46:54<1986:09:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1120/2846529 [46:54<1986:09:46,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1119/1262 [46:54<02:57,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1119/1262 [46:54<02:57,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1121/2846529 [46:54<1984:35:02,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1121/2846529 [46:54<1984:35:02,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1120/1262 [46:55<03:13,  1.36s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▊ | 1120/1262 [46:55<03:13,  1.36s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1122/2846529 [46:56<1983:57:42,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1122/2846529 [46:56<1983:57:43,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1121/1262 [46:56<02:46,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1121/1262 [46:56<02:46,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1123/2846529 [46:57<1982:44:13,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1123/2846529 [46:57<1982:44:14,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1122/1262 [46:56<02:11,  1.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1122/1262 [46:56<02:11,  1.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1124/2846529 [46:57<1981:14:01,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1124/2846529 [46:57<1981:14:01,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1123/1262 [47:00<03:48,  1.64s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1123/1262 [47:00<03:48,  1.64s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1125/2846529 [47:00<1981:46:54,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1125/2846529 [47:00<1981:46:54,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1124/1262 [47:01<03:21,  1.46s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1124/1262 [47:01<03:21,  1.46s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1126/2846529 [47:01<1980:45:02,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1126/2846529 [47:01<1980:45:02,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1125/1262 [47:01<02:33,  1.12s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1125/1262 [47:01<02:33,  1.12s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1127/2846529 [47:02<1979:13:35,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1127/2846529 [47:02<1979:13:35,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1126/1262 [47:01<02:00,  1.13it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1126/1262 [47:01<02:00,  1.13it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1128/2846529 [47:02<1977:42:27,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1128/2846529 [47:02<1977:42:28,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1127/1262 [47:02<01:43,  1.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1127/1262 [47:02<01:43,  1.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1129/2846529 [47:02<1976:17:13,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1129/2846529 [47:02<1976:17:13,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1128/1262 [47:03<01:40,  1.33it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1128/1262 [47:03<01:40,  1.33it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1130/2846529 [47:03<1975:02:47,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1130/2846529 [47:03<1975:02:47,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1129/1262 [47:03<01:20,  1.64it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  89%|████████▉ | 1129/1262 [47:03<01:20,  1.64it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1131/2846529 [47:03<1973:29:20,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1131/2846529 [47:03<1973:29:20,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1130/1262 [47:05<02:02,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1130/1262 [47:05<02:02,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1132/2846529 [47:05<1972:55:19,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1132/2846529 [47:05<1972:55:19,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1131/1262 [47:05<01:52,  1.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1131/1262 [47:05<01:52,  1.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1133/2846529 [47:06<1971:40:02,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1133/2846529 [47:06<1971:40:03,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1132/1262 [47:09<03:43,  1.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1132/1262 [47:09<03:43,  1.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1134/2846529 [47:10<1972:31:04,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1134/2846529 [47:10<1972:31:05,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1133/1262 [47:09<02:46,  1.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1133/1262 [47:09<02:46,  1.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1135/2846529 [47:10<1970:59:31,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1135/2846529 [47:10<1970:59:31,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1134/1262 [47:30<15:25,  7.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1134/1262 [47:30<15:25,  7.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1136/2846529 [47:31<1983:55:55,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1136/2846529 [47:31<1983:55:55,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1135/1262 [47:31<10:56,  5.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|████████▉ | 1135/1262 [47:31<10:56,  5.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1137/2846529 [47:31<1982:25:31,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1137/2846529 [47:31<1982:25:31,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1136/1262 [47:31<07:59,  3.81s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1136/1262 [47:31<07:59,  3.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1138/2846529 [47:32<1981:07:34,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1138/2846529 [47:32<1981:07:35,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1137/1262 [47:32<05:50,  2.81s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1137/1262 [47:32<05:50,  2.81s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1139/2846529 [47:32<1979:42:50,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1139/2846529 [47:32<1979:42:51,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1138/1262 [47:32<04:16,  2.07s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1138/1262 [47:32<04:16,  2.07s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1140/2846529 [47:33<1978:12:42,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1140/2846529 [47:33<1978:12:43,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1139/1262 [47:33<03:11,  1.56s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1139/1262 [47:33<03:11,  1.56s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1141/2846529 [47:33<1976:44:07,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1141/2846529 [47:33<1976:44:08,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1140/1262 [47:33<02:29,  1.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1140/1262 [47:33<02:29,  1.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1142/2846529 [47:34<1975:18:16,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1142/2846529 [47:34<1975:18:16,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1141/1262 [47:33<01:54,  1.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1141/1262 [47:33<01:54,  1.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1143/2846529 [47:34<1973:47:15,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1143/2846529 [47:34<1973:47:15,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1142/1262 [47:37<03:40,  1.84s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  90%|█████████ | 1142/1262 [47:37<03:40,  1.84s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1144/2846529 [47:38<1974:46:02,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1144/2846529 [47:38<1974:46:02,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1143/1262 [47:38<02:49,  1.43s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1143/1262 [47:38<02:49,  1.43s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1145/2846529 [47:38<1973:21:54,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1145/2846529 [47:38<1973:21:55,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1144/1262 [47:38<02:13,  1.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1144/1262 [47:38<02:13,  1.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1146/2846529 [47:39<1971:56:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1146/2846529 [47:39<1971:56:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1145/1262 [47:38<01:42,  1.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1145/1262 [47:38<01:42,  1.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1147/2846529 [47:39<1970:25:40,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1147/2846529 [47:39<1970:25:40,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1146/1262 [47:39<01:23,  1.40it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1146/1262 [47:39<01:23,  1.40it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1148/2846529 [47:39<1968:56:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1148/2846529 [47:39<1968:56:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1147/1262 [47:39<01:20,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1147/1262 [47:39<01:20,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1149/2846529 [47:40<1967:41:00,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1149/2846529 [47:40<1967:41:00,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1148/1262 [47:40<01:16,  1.50it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1148/1262 [47:40<01:16,  1.50it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1150/2846529 [47:41<1966:22:47,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1150/2846529 [47:41<1966:22:47,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1149/1262 [47:49<05:48,  3.08s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1149/1262 [47:49<05:48,  3.08s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1151/2846529 [47:49<1970:39:11,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1151/2846529 [47:49<1970:39:12,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1150/1262 [47:49<04:20,  2.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1150/1262 [47:49<04:20,  2.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1152/2846529 [47:50<1969:19:58,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1152/2846529 [47:50<1969:19:58,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1151/1262 [47:50<03:11,  1.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████ | 1151/1262 [47:50<03:11,  1.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1153/2846529 [47:50<1967:50:02,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1153/2846529 [47:50<1967:50:02,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1152/1262 [47:50<02:25,  1.33s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1152/1262 [47:50<02:25,  1.33s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1154/2846529 [47:51<1966:24:09,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1154/2846529 [47:51<1966:24:10,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1153/1262 [47:50<01:51,  1.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1153/1262 [47:50<01:51,  1.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1155/2846529 [47:51<1964:54:25,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1155/2846529 [47:51<1964:54:25,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1154/1262 [48:11<12:38,  7.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  91%|█████████▏| 1154/1262 [48:11<12:38,  7.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1156/2846529 [48:12<1977:35:22,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1156/2846529 [48:12<1977:35:23,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1155/1262 [48:32<20:01, 11.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1155/1262 [48:32<20:01, 11.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1157/2846529 [48:33<1990:14:35,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1157/2846529 [48:33<1990:14:35,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1156/1262 [48:33<14:25,  8.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1156/1262 [48:33<14:25,  8.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1158/2846529 [48:34<1989:13:49,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1158/2846529 [48:34<1989:13:50,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1157/1262 [48:34<10:34,  6.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1157/1262 [48:34<10:34,  6.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1159/2846529 [48:35<1988:15:08,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1159/2846529 [48:35<1988:15:09,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1158/1262 [48:35<07:35,  4.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1158/1262 [48:35<07:35,  4.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1160/2846529 [48:36<1986:52:43,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1160/2846529 [48:36<1986:52:44,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1159/1262 [48:38<06:52,  4.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1159/1262 [48:38<06:52,  4.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1161/2846529 [48:39<1987:17:34,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1161/2846529 [48:39<1987:17:34,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1160/1262 [48:59<15:27,  9.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1160/1262 [48:59<15:27,  9.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1162/2846529 [49:00<1999:51:04,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1162/2846529 [49:00<1999:51:04,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1161/1262 [49:00<10:58,  6.52s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1161/1262 [49:00<10:58,  6.52s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1163/2846529 [49:00<1998:28:24,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1163/2846529 [49:00<1998:28:24,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1162/1262 [49:00<07:47,  4.67s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1162/1262 [49:00<07:47,  4.67s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1164/2846529 [49:01<1997:00:10,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1164/2846529 [49:01<1997:00:10,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1163/1262 [49:03<06:39,  4.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1163/1262 [49:03<06:39,  4.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1165/2846529 [49:03<1997:01:29,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1165/2846529 [49:03<1997:01:30,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1164/1262 [49:03<04:58,  3.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1164/1262 [49:03<04:58,  3.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1166/2846529 [49:04<1995:48:47,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1166/2846529 [49:04<1995:48:48,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1165/1262 [49:05<04:18,  2.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1165/1262 [49:05<04:18,  2.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1167/2846529 [49:06<1995:17:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1167/2846529 [49:06<1995:17:22,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1166/1262 [49:05<03:08,  1.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1166/1262 [49:05<03:08,  1.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1168/2846529 [49:06<1993:48:20,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1168/2846529 [49:06<1993:48:21,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1167/1262 [49:11<04:58,  3.14s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  92%|█████████▏| 1167/1262 [49:11<04:58,  3.14s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1169/2846529 [49:12<1996:04:47,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1169/2846529 [49:12<1996:04:48,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1168/1262 [49:14<04:37,  2.96s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1168/1262 [49:14<04:37,  2.96s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1170/2846529 [49:14<1996:04:44,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1170/2846529 [49:14<1996:04:45,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1169/1262 [49:14<03:32,  2.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1169/1262 [49:14<03:32,  2.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1171/2846529 [49:15<1994:51:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1171/2846529 [49:15<1994:51:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1170/1262 [49:15<02:43,  1.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1170/1262 [49:15<02:43,  1.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1172/2846529 [49:16<1993:33:02,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1172/2846529 [49:16<1993:33:02,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1171/1262 [49:16<02:04,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1171/1262 [49:16<02:04,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1173/2846529 [49:16<1992:08:21,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1173/2846529 [49:16<1992:08:21,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1172/1262 [49:18<02:47,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1172/1262 [49:18<02:47,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1174/2846529 [49:19<1992:27:33,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1174/2846529 [49:19<1992:27:34,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1173/1262 [49:19<02:06,  1.42s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1173/1262 [49:19<02:06,  1.42s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1175/2846529 [49:19<1991:01:53,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1175/2846529 [49:19<1991:01:53,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1174/1262 [49:20<01:44,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1174/1262 [49:20<01:44,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1176/2846529 [49:20<1989:45:34,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1176/2846529 [49:20<1989:45:34,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1175/1262 [49:21<01:49,  1.26s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1175/1262 [49:21<01:49,  1.26s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1177/2846529 [49:21<1989:01:30,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1177/2846529 [49:21<1989:01:31,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1176/1262 [49:32<06:05,  4.25s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1176/1262 [49:32<06:05,  4.25s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1178/2846529 [49:33<1994:53:00,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1178/2846529 [49:33<1994:53:00,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1177/1262 [49:38<06:35,  4.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1177/1262 [49:38<06:35,  4.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1179/2846529 [49:38<1996:55:42,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1179/2846529 [49:38<1996:55:42,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1178/1262 [49:38<04:42,  3.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1178/1262 [49:38<04:42,  3.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1180/2846529 [49:39<1995:28:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1180/2846529 [49:39<1995:28:59,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1179/1262 [49:39<03:27,  2.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  93%|█████████▎| 1179/1262 [49:39<03:27,  2.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1181/2846529 [49:39<1994:06:16,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1181/2846529 [49:39<1994:06:17,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1180/1262 [49:39<02:33,  1.88s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1180/1262 [49:39<02:33,  1.88s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1182/2846529 [49:40<1992:42:10,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1182/2846529 [49:40<1992:42:10,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1181/1262 [49:39<01:54,  1.41s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1181/1262 [49:39<01:54,  1.41s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1183/2846529 [49:40<1991:14:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1183/2846529 [49:40<1991:14:14,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1182/1262 [49:40<01:37,  1.22s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1182/1262 [49:40<01:37,  1.22s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1184/2846529 [49:41<1990:03:37,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1184/2846529 [49:41<1990:03:37,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1183/1262 [49:42<01:58,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▎| 1183/1262 [49:42<01:58,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1185/2846529 [49:43<1989:49:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1185/2846529 [49:43<1989:49:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1184/1262 [49:43<01:36,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1184/1262 [49:43<01:36,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1186/2846529 [49:43<1988:33:38,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1186/2846529 [49:43<1988:33:38,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1185/1262 [49:57<06:34,  5.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1185/1262 [49:57<06:34,  5.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1187/2846529 [49:58<1996:20:41,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1187/2846529 [49:58<1996:20:42,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1186/1262 [49:58<04:42,  3.72s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1186/1262 [49:58<04:42,  3.72s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1188/2846529 [49:58<1994:57:10,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1188/2846529 [49:58<1994:57:10,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1187/1262 [49:58<03:36,  2.89s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1187/1262 [49:58<03:36,  2.89s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1189/2846529 [49:59<1993:54:13,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1189/2846529 [49:59<1993:54:14,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1188/1262 [49:59<02:39,  2.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1188/1262 [49:59<02:39,  2.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1190/2846529 [49:59<1992:31:05,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1190/2846529 [49:59<1992:31:05,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1189/1262 [50:20<09:32,  7.84s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1189/1262 [50:20<09:32,  7.84s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1191/2846529 [50:21<2004:51:43,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1191/2846529 [50:21<2004:51:43,  2.54s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1190/1262 [50:20<06:44,  5.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1190/1262 [50:20<06:44,  5.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1192/2846529 [50:21<2003:26:59,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1192/2846529 [50:21<2003:26:59,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1191/1262 [50:21<04:45,  4.02s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1191/1262 [50:21<04:45,  4.02s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1193/2846529 [50:21<2001:58:19,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1193/2846529 [50:21<2001:58:19,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1192/1262 [50:21<03:24,  2.92s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  94%|█████████▍| 1192/1262 [50:21<03:24,  2.92s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1194/2846529 [50:22<2000:32:14,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1194/2846529 [50:22<2000:32:15,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1193/1262 [50:22<02:28,  2.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1193/1262 [50:22<02:28,  2.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1195/2846529 [50:22<1999:06:17,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1195/2846529 [50:22<1999:06:17,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1194/1262 [50:22<01:50,  1.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1194/1262 [50:22<01:50,  1.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1196/2846529 [50:22<1997:40:36,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1196/2846529 [50:22<1997:40:37,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1195/1262 [50:23<01:28,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1195/1262 [50:23<01:28,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1197/2846529 [50:23<1996:25:13,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1197/2846529 [50:23<1996:25:13,  2.53s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1196/1262 [50:23<01:09,  1.06s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1196/1262 [50:23<01:09,  1.06s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1198/2846529 [50:23<1995:02:20,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1198/2846529 [50:23<1995:02:21,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1197/1262 [50:24<01:02,  1.04it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1197/1262 [50:24<01:02,  1.04it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1199/2846529 [50:24<1993:51:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1199/2846529 [50:24<1993:51:15,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1198/1262 [50:24<00:53,  1.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▍| 1198/1262 [50:24<00:53,  1.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1200/2846529 [50:25<1992:32:27,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1200/2846529 [50:25<1992:32:27,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1199/1262 [50:25<00:45,  1.39it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1199/1262 [50:25<00:45,  1.39it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1201/2846529 [50:25<1991:11:18,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1201/2846529 [50:25<1991:11:19,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1200/1262 [50:25<00:41,  1.51it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1200/1262 [50:25<00:41,  1.51it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1202/2846529 [50:26<1989:52:49,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1202/2846529 [50:26<1989:52:49,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1201/1262 [50:26<00:36,  1.65it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1201/1262 [50:26<00:36,  1.65it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1203/2846529 [50:26<1988:32:04,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1203/2846529 [50:26<1988:32:04,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1202/1262 [50:27<00:55,  1.08it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1202/1262 [50:27<00:55,  1.08it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1204/2846529 [50:28<1987:58:44,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1204/2846529 [50:28<1987:58:44,  2.52s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1203/1262 [50:28<00:53,  1.11it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1203/1262 [50:28<00:53,  1.11it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1205/2846529 [50:29<1986:53:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1205/2846529 [50:29<1986:53:22,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1204/1262 [50:29<00:54,  1.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1204/1262 [50:29<00:54,  1.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1206/2846529 [50:30<1985:54:43,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1206/2846529 [50:30<1985:54:44,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1205/1262 [50:30<00:43,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  95%|█████████▌| 1205/1262 [50:30<00:43,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1207/2846529 [50:30<1984:30:34,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1207/2846529 [50:30<1984:30:34,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1206/1262 [50:30<00:35,  1.56it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1206/1262 [50:30<00:35,  1.56it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1208/2846529 [50:30<1983:05:09,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1208/2846529 [50:30<1983:05:10,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1207/1262 [50:32<00:57,  1.04s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1207/1262 [50:32<00:57,  1.04s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1209/2846529 [50:32<1982:44:07,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1209/2846529 [50:32<1982:44:07,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1208/1262 [50:33<00:51,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1208/1262 [50:33<00:51,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1210/2846529 [50:33<1981:35:33,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1210/2846529 [50:33<1981:35:33,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1209/1262 [50:35<01:20,  1.52s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1209/1262 [50:35<01:20,  1.52s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1211/2846529 [50:36<1981:48:14,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1211/2846529 [50:36<1981:48:15,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1210/1262 [50:36<01:11,  1.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1210/1262 [50:36<01:11,  1.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1212/2846529 [50:37<1980:49:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1212/2846529 [50:37<1980:49:45,  2.51s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1211/1262 [50:37<00:59,  1.17s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1211/1262 [50:37<00:59,  1.17s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1213/2846529 [50:38<1979:38:50,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1213/2846529 [50:38<1979:38:51,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1212/1262 [50:38<00:48,  1.03it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1212/1262 [50:38<00:48,  1.03it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1214/2846529 [50:38<1978:21:45,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1214/2846529 [50:38<1978:21:46,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1213/1262 [50:39<00:46,  1.06it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1213/1262 [50:39<00:46,  1.06it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1215/2846529 [50:39<1977:17:23,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1215/2846529 [50:39<1977:17:23,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1214/1262 [50:43<01:34,  1.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▌| 1214/1262 [50:43<01:34,  1.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1216/2846529 [50:43<1978:30:36,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1216/2846529 [50:43<1978:30:36,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1215/1262 [50:43<01:11,  1.53s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1215/1262 [50:43<01:11,  1.53s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1217/2846529 [50:44<1977:12:36,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1217/2846529 [50:44<1977:12:36,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1216/1262 [50:44<00:55,  1.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1216/1262 [50:44<00:55,  1.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1218/2846529 [50:44<1975:53:13,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1218/2846529 [50:44<1975:53:13,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1217/1262 [50:44<00:44,  1.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  96%|█████████▋| 1217/1262 [50:44<00:44,  1.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1219/2846529 [50:45<1974:35:20,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1219/2846529 [50:45<1974:35:20,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1218/1262 [50:46<00:50,  1.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1218/1262 [50:46<00:50,  1.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1220/2846529 [50:46<1973:57:26,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1220/2846529 [50:46<1973:57:27,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1219/1262 [50:47<00:43,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1219/1262 [50:47<00:43,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1221/2846529 [50:47<1972:46:20,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1221/2846529 [50:47<1972:46:20,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1220/1262 [50:49<01:01,  1.46s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1220/1262 [50:49<01:01,  1.46s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1222/2846529 [50:50<1972:47:16,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1222/2846529 [50:50<1972:47:16,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1221/1262 [50:50<00:47,  1.15s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1221/1262 [50:50<00:47,  1.15s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1223/2846529 [50:50<1971:27:14,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1223/2846529 [50:50<1971:27:15,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1222/1262 [50:50<00:37,  1.07it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1222/1262 [50:50<00:37,  1.07it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1224/2846529 [50:51<1970:07:25,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1224/2846529 [50:51<1970:07:26,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1223/1262 [50:52<00:46,  1.18s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1223/1262 [50:52<00:46,  1.18s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1225/2846529 [50:52<1969:38:43,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1225/2846529 [50:52<1969:38:43,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1224/1262 [50:52<00:37,  1.00it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1224/1262 [50:52<00:37,  1.00it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1226/2846529 [50:53<1968:24:17,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1226/2846529 [50:53<1968:24:18,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1225/1262 [50:53<00:30,  1.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1225/1262 [50:53<00:30,  1.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1227/2846529 [50:53<1967:04:42,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1227/2846529 [50:53<1967:04:42,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1226/1262 [50:53<00:25,  1.43it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1226/1262 [50:53<00:25,  1.43it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1228/2846529 [50:54<1965:44:01,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1228/2846529 [50:54<1965:44:02,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1227/1262 [50:59<01:15,  2.16s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1227/1262 [50:59<01:15,  2.16s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1229/2846529 [50:59<1967:42:50,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1229/2846529 [50:59<1967:42:51,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1228/1262 [50:59<00:55,  1.63s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1228/1262 [50:59<00:55,  1.63s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1230/2846529 [51:00<1966:22:34,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1230/2846529 [51:00<1966:22:34,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1229/1262 [51:20<04:06,  7.46s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1229/1262 [51:20<04:06,  7.46s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1231/2846529 [51:21<1978:17:40,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1231/2846529 [51:21<1978:17:40,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1230/1262 [51:21<02:51,  5.37s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  97%|█████████▋| 1230/1262 [51:21<02:51,  5.37s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1232/2846529 [51:21<1977:00:42,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1232/2846529 [51:21<1977:00:43,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1231/1262 [51:21<02:00,  3.90s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1231/1262 [51:21<02:00,  3.90s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1233/2846529 [51:22<1975:42:23,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1233/2846529 [51:22<1975:42:23,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1232/1262 [51:24<01:49,  3.65s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1232/1262 [51:24<01:49,  3.65s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1234/2846529 [51:25<1976:04:08,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1234/2846529 [51:25<1976:04:09,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1233/1262 [51:25<01:17,  2.68s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1233/1262 [51:25<01:17,  2.68s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1235/2846529 [51:25<1974:43:27,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1235/2846529 [51:25<1974:43:28,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1234/1262 [51:25<00:55,  1.97s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1234/1262 [51:25<00:55,  1.97s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1236/2846529 [51:26<1973:20:24,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1236/2846529 [51:26<1973:20:24,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1235/1262 [51:25<00:40,  1.50s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1235/1262 [51:25<00:40,  1.50s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1237/2846529 [51:26<1972:00:01,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1237/2846529 [51:26<1972:00:01,  2.50s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1236/1262 [51:26<00:33,  1.30s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1236/1262 [51:26<00:33,  1.30s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1238/2846529 [51:27<1970:55:44,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1238/2846529 [51:27<1970:55:44,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1237/1262 [51:27<00:27,  1.09s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1237/1262 [51:27<00:27,  1.09s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1239/2846529 [51:27<1969:43:04,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1239/2846529 [51:27<1969:43:04,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1238/1262 [51:28<00:23,  1.01it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1238/1262 [51:28<00:23,  1.01it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1240/2846529 [51:28<1968:37:01,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1240/2846529 [51:28<1968:37:01,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1239/1262 [51:28<00:18,  1.21it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1239/1262 [51:28<00:18,  1.21it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1241/2846529 [51:29<1967:18:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1241/2846529 [51:29<1967:18:27,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1240/1262 [51:29<00:16,  1.30it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1240/1262 [51:29<00:16,  1.30it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1242/2846529 [51:29<1966:07:45,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1242/2846529 [51:29<1966:07:45,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1241/1262 [51:29<00:13,  1.59it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1241/1262 [51:29<00:13,  1.59it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1243/2846529 [51:29<1964:44:36,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1243/2846529 [51:29<1964:44:36,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1242/1262 [51:29<00:10,  1.95it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1242/1262 [51:29<00:10,  1.95it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1244/2846529 [51:30<1963:18:57,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1244/2846529 [51:30<1963:18:57,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1243/1262 [51:30<00:08,  2.16it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  98%|█████████▊| 1243/1262 [51:30<00:08,  2.16it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1245/2846529 [51:30<1961:57:18,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1245/2846529 [51:30<1961:57:19,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1244/1262 [51:30<00:08,  2.14it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1244/1262 [51:30<00:08,  2.14it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1246/2846529 [51:31<1960:40:57,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1246/2846529 [51:31<1960:40:57,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1245/1262 [51:32<00:13,  1.23it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1245/1262 [51:32<00:13,  1.23it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1247/2846529 [51:32<1960:08:15,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1247/2846529 [51:32<1960:08:15,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1246/1262 [51:33<00:15,  1.05it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▊| 1246/1262 [51:33<00:15,  1.05it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1248/2846529 [51:33<1959:22:26,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1248/2846529 [51:33<1959:22:26,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1247/1262 [51:33<00:12,  1.22it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1247/1262 [51:33<00:12,  1.22it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1249/2846529 [51:34<1958:07:33,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1249/2846529 [51:34<1958:07:33,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1248/1262 [51:34<00:10,  1.31it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1248/1262 [51:34<00:10,  1.31it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1250/2846529 [51:35<1956:57:43,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1250/2846529 [51:35<1956:57:43,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1249/1262 [51:34<00:08,  1.54it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1249/1262 [51:34<00:08,  1.54it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1251/2846529 [51:35<1955:37:59,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1251/2846529 [51:35<1955:37:59,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1250/1262 [51:36<00:12,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1250/1262 [51:36<00:12,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1252/2846529 [51:37<1955:14:47,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1252/2846529 [51:37<1955:14:47,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1251/1262 [51:38<00:13,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1251/1262 [51:38<00:13,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1253/2846529 [51:39<1954:47:39,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1253/2846529 [51:39<1954:47:40,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1252/1262 [51:39<00:10,  1.03s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1252/1262 [51:39<00:10,  1.03s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1254/2846529 [51:39<1953:35:27,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1254/2846529 [51:39<1953:35:28,  2.47s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1253/1262 [52:00<01:03,  7.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1253/1262 [52:00<01:03,  7.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1255/2846529 [52:00<1965:14:14,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1255/2846529 [52:00<1965:14:14,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1254/1262 [52:00<00:40,  5.00s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1254/1262 [52:00<00:40,  5.00s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1256/2846529 [52:00<1963:52:06,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1256/2846529 [52:00<1963:52:07,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1255/1262 [52:00<00:25,  3.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:  99%|█████████▉| 1255/1262 [52:00<00:25,  3.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1257/2846529 [52:01<1962:32:17,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1257/2846529 [52:01<1962:32:18,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1256/1262 [52:01<00:15,  2.66s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1256/1262 [52:01<00:15,  2.66s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1258/2846529 [52:01<1961:15:05,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1258/2846529 [52:01<1961:15:05,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1257/1262 [52:02<00:10,  2.13s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1257/1262 [52:02<00:10,  2.13s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1259/2846529 [52:02<1960:15:01,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1259/2846529 [52:02<1960:15:02,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1258/1262 [52:02<00:06,  1.61s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1258/1262 [52:02<00:06,  1.61s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1260/2846529 [52:03<1958:56:45,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1260/2846529 [52:03<1958:56:46,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1259/1262 [52:02<00:03,  1.23s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1259/1262 [52:02<00:03,  1.23s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1261/2846529 [52:03<1957:36:22,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1261/2846529 [52:03<1957:36:23,  2.48s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1260/1262 [52:23<00:14,  7.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1260/1262 [52:23<00:14,  7.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1262/2846529 [52:24<1969:15:37,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1262/2846529 [52:24<1969:15:37,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1261/1262 [52:24<00:05,  5.21s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|█████████▉| 1261/1262 [52:24<00:05,  5.21s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1263/2846529 [52:25<1968:04:48,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1263/2846529 [52:25<1968:04:48,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 1262/1262 [52:24<00:00,  3.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0: 100%|██████████| 1262/1262 [52:24<00:00,  3.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1264/2846529 [52:25<1966:43:07,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1264/2846529 [52:25<1966:43:07,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Loading and preparing results...     
DONE (t=0.02s)
creating index...
index created!
computing accuracy
Finshed Percent: [--------------------] 0% Finshed Percent: [--------------------] 1% Finshed Percent: [#-------------------] 3% Finshed Percent: [#-------------------] 5% Finshed Percent: [##------------------] 7% Finshed Percent: [##------------------] 9% Finshed Percent: [##------------------] 11% Finshed Percent: [###-----------------] 13% Finshed Percent: [###-----------------] 15% Finshed Percent: [####----------------] 17% Finshed Percent: [####----------------] 19% Finshed Percent: [####----------------] 21% Finshed Percent: [#####---------------] 23% Finshed Percent: [#####---------------] 25% Finshed Percent: [######--------------] 27% Finshed Percent: [######--------------] 29% Finshed Percent: [######--------------] 31% Finshed Percent: [#######-------------] 33% Finshed Percent: [#######-------------] 35% Finshed Percent: [########------------] 37% Finshed Percent: [########------------] 39% Finshed Percent: [########------------] 41% Finshed Percent: [#########-----------] 43% Finshed Percent: [#########-----------] 45% Finshed Percent: [##########----------] 47% Finshed Percent: [##########----------] 49% Finshed Percent: [##########----------] 51% Finshed Percent: [###########---------] 53% Finshed Percent: [###########---------] 55% Finshed Percent: [###########---------] 57% Finshed Percent: [############--------] 59% Finshed Percent: [############--------] 61% Finshed Percent: [#############-------] 63% Finshed Percent: [#############-------] 65% Finshed Percent: [#############-------] 67% Finshed Percent: [##############------] 69% Finshed Percent: [##############------] 71% Finshed Percent: [###############-----] 73% Finshed Percent: [###############-----] 75% Finshed Percent: [###############-----] 77% Finshed Percent: [################----] 79% Finshed Percent: [################----] 81% Finshed Percent: [#################---] 83% Finshed Percent: [#################---] 85% Finshed Percent: [#################---] 87% Finshed Percent: [##################--] 89% Finshed Percent: [##################--] 91% Finshed Percent: [###################-] 93% Finshed Percent: [###################-] 95% Finshed Percent: [###################-] 97% Finshed Percent: [####################] 99% Done computing accuracy
Overall Accuracy is: 40.63

Per Question Type Accuracy is the following:
one : 37.81
eight : 41.07
other : 41.68
seven : 41.82
four : 39.29
five : 41.47
three : 40.14
nine : 33.10
ten : 53.33
two : 41.28
six : 40.14


Per Answer Type Accuracy is the following:
other : 40.63


{'test/accuracy_AnswerType_other': 40.63,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_eight': 41.07,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_five': 41.47,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_four': 39.29,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_nine': 33.1,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_one': 37.81,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_other': 41.68,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_seven': 41.82,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_six': 40.14,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_ten': 53.33,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_three': 40.14,
 'test/accuracy_QuestionType_two': 41.28,
 'test/accuracy_overall': 40.63,
 'test/epoch': 0}
{'retrieval_predictions_epoch0_MODE(train)_SET(TEST)': <wandb.data_types.Table object at 0x7f1478a8ad60>}
Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1264/2846529 [52:27<1967:50:11,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
                                                                            [AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1265/2846529 [52:27<1966:24:47,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1265/2846529 [52:27<1966:24:48,  2.49s/it, loss=1.1, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1265/2846529 [52:27<1966:24:49,  2.49s/it, loss=0.865, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1266/2846529 [52:27<1964:59:21,  2.49s/it, loss=0.865, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1266/2846529 [52:27<1964:59:22,  2.49s/it, loss=0.865, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1266/2846529 [52:27<1964:59:23,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation: 0it [00:00, ?it/s][A
Validation:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 0/1262 [00:00<?, ?it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:05,  2.96it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 1/1262 [00:00<07:05,  2.96it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1267/2846529 [52:27<1963:39:29,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1267/2846529 [52:27<1963:39:29,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:21<4:24:13, 12.58s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 2/1262 [00:21<4:24:13, 12.58s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1268/2846529 [52:49<1975:17:41,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1268/2846529 [52:49<1975:17:41,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:26<3:09:51,  9.05s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 3/1262 [00:26<3:09:51,  9.05s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1269/2846529 [52:53<1976:45:13,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1269/2846529 [52:53<1976:45:13,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:27<2:00:21,  5.74s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 4/1262 [00:27<2:00:21,  5.74s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1270/2846529 [52:54<1975:36:45,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1270/2846529 [52:54<1975:36:45,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:27<1:19:42,  3.80s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 5/1262 [00:27<1:19:42,  3.80s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1271/2846529 [52:54<1974:17:17,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1271/2846529 [52:54<1974:17:17,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:28<57:03,  2.73s/it]  [A
Validation DataLoader 0:   0%|          | 6/1262 [00:28<57:03,  2.73s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1272/2846529 [52:55<1973:07:40,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1272/2846529 [52:55<1973:07:40,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:29<49:52,  2.38s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 7/1262 [00:29<49:52,  2.38s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1273/2846529 [52:57<1972:37:16,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1273/2846529 [52:57<1972:37:16,  2.50s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:30<37:05,  1.77s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 8/1262 [00:30<37:05,  1.77s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1274/2846529 [52:57<1971:21:48,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1274/2846529 [52:57<1971:21:48,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:30<27:28,  1.32s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 9/1262 [00:30<27:28,  1.32s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1275/2846529 [52:58<1970:00:25,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1275/2846529 [52:58<1970:00:25,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:33<38:49,  1.86s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 10/1262 [00:33<38:49,  1.86s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1276/2846529 [53:01<1970:22:15,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1276/2846529 [53:01<1970:22:15,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:34<33:42,  1.62s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 11/1262 [00:34<33:42,  1.62s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1277/2846529 [53:02<1969:29:06,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1277/2846529 [53:02<1969:29:07,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:34<25:48,  1.24s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 12/1262 [00:34<25:48,  1.24s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1278/2846529 [53:02<1968:10:29,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1278/2846529 [53:02<1968:10:29,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:36<30:04,  1.45s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 13/1262 [00:36<30:04,  1.45s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1279/2846529 [53:04<1967:49:18,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1279/2846529 [53:04<1967:49:18,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:37<24:47,  1.19s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 14/1262 [00:37<24:47,  1.19s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1280/2846529 [53:05<1966:39:27,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1280/2846529 [53:05<1966:39:27,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:38<22:56,  1.10s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|          | 15/1262 [00:38<22:56,  1.10s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1281/2846529 [53:05<1965:40:38,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1281/2846529 [53:05<1965:40:38,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:39<20:52,  1.01s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 16/1262 [00:39<20:52,  1.01s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1282/2846529 [53:06<1964:37:18,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1282/2846529 [53:06<1964:37:18,  2.49s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:39<17:20,  1.20it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 17/1262 [00:39<17:20,  1.20it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1283/2846529 [53:07<1963:21:40,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1283/2846529 [53:07<1963:21:40,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:40<14:38,  1.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   1%|▏         | 18/1262 [00:40<14:38,  1.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1284/2846529 [53:07<1962:04:53,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1284/2846529 [53:07<1962:04:54,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:40<14:38,  1.42it/s][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 19/1262 [00:40<14:38,  1.42it/s][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1285/2846529 [53:08<1960:59:19,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1285/2846529 [53:08<1960:59:20,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:46<47:23,  2.29s/it][A
Validation DataLoader 0:   2%|▏         | 20/1262 [00:46<47:23,  2.29s/it][AEpoch 0:   0%|          | 1286/2846529 [53:14<1963:08:13,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]Epoch 0:   0%|          | 1286/2846529 [53:14<1963:08:13,  2.48s/it, loss=0.907, v_num=_1.0, train/lr[0]=6e-5, train/lr[1]=0.0003]